21:30 < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-01-14/
21:30 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:30 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:30 < xnox> Dimitri John Ledkov
21:30 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:31 < zobel> that makes four.
21:31 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:31 < zobel> Ganneff: ^
21:31 < bdale> who's missing that we're expecting?
21:32 < tbm> I received regrets from Gregers Petersen and Joshua D. Drake.
21:32 < tbm> leaving Solver and Ganneff
21:33 < zobel> Solver: ^
21:35 < zobel> i texted Ganneff
21:35 < bdale> thanks
21:36 < bdale> the only things we need to vote on today are minutes, so a failure to make quorum isn't really fatal .. but ..
21:37 < zobel> schultmc: we dont have a report today?
21:37 < bdale> let's give them tuntil 20:40, then if we're still inquorate we can focus on discussing plans for next month's in-person meeting?
21:37 < schultmc> zobel: finishing it up - should be out later today
21:37 < zobel> does any of the US citizen can tell me what a "Redress Number" is?
21:37 < zobel> seems to be part of APIS.
21:37 < zobel> but what is it exactly?
21:38 < schultmc> A Redress Number is a unique number you can obtain from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security if you share the same name as someone on the U.S. watch list and have experienced difficulties during your travel screening when crossing U.S. borders.
21:38 < tbm> zobel: if you don't know, you don't have one
21:38 < bdale> a number you might get from the TSA if you've been put on the no-fly list incorrectly
21:38 < bdale> I think I know one person who has one
21:38 < tbm> but this is a good point, zobel and xnox, please make sure to apply for an ESTA
21:38 < tbm> if you don't have a valid one already.
21:39 < zobel> tbm: that is what i am currently doing while waiting for Ganneff and Solver
21:39 < weasel> .oO( and assuming you qualify.  crazy rules are crazy )
21:39 < bdale> weasel: ... sigh ...
21:40 < bdale> ok
21:40 < Ganneff> JOerg Jaspert
21:40 < xnox> tbm, yeah, i'll need to renew. i think it has lapsed for me.
21:40 < bdale> and here I was about to give up...  ;-)
21:40 < bdale> Ganneff: welcome
21:40 < Ganneff> sorry
21:40 < Ganneff> (for being late and keeping the meeting on)
21:41 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:41 < bdale> I asked Mishi to produce a draft set of replacement bylaws for the organization in advance of our in-person board meeting next month, and look forward to working on them further there.
21:41 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:41 < bdale> Michael?
21:41 < schultmc> I finishing up the 2015-12 report. I should have it out shortly after the meeting
21:41 < bdale> ok.  anything notable?
21:41 < schultmc> I'm just about caught up with outstanding reimbursements
21:41 < schultmc> nothing notable
21:41 < bdale> anything else treasury related for today?
21:41 < schultmc> not at this time
21:41 < bdale> ok, thanks
21:42 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:42 < bdale> Martin?
21:42 < zobel> schultmc: great, many thanks.
21:42 < tbm> All minutes are completed.
21:42 < tbm> I made arrangements regarding the face-to-face board meeting in New York.
21:42 < tbm> We can discuss that later.
21:42 < tbm> Nothing else.
21:42 < bdale> yes, thanks for that
21:42 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:42 < bdale> Martin, it appears we have two sets to vote on this month?
21:42 < tbm> Correct
21:43 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,ganneff,tbm,schultmc,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 November 2015. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:43 < bdale> !vote yes
21:43 < xnox> !vote yes
21:43 < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:43 < tbm> !vote yes
21:43 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:43 < zobel> !vote yes
21:43 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 November 2015": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:43 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 November 2015" closed.
21:43 -!- lucas [~lucas@xanadu.blop.info] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
21:44 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,ganneff,tbm,schultmc,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 10 December 2015. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:44 < tbm> !vote yes
21:44 -!- lucas [~lucas@xanadu.blop.info] has joined #spi
21:44 < zobel> !vote yes
21:44 < bdale> !vote yes
21:44 < xnox> !vote yes
21:44 < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:44 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:44 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 10 December 2015": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:44 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 10 December 2015" closed.
21:44 < bdale> cool.  thanks, Martin.
21:44 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:44 < bdale> None.
21:44 < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:44 < bdale> Do any board members present have items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:44 < bdale> Martin, do you want to lead off with in-person meeting logistics?
21:45 < tbm> We have confirmed our face-to-face board meeting in New York in February.
21:45 < tbm> Arrival is Thursday, February 11
21:45 < tbm> We'll have a full-day boord meeting on Friday, Thursday 12
21:45 < tbm> We'll have sprints about treasurer activities and by-law changes on Saturday, Thursday 13
21:45 < tbm> We'll meet in the morning of Sunday, Thursday 14, to summarize and finish.
21:45 < tbm> Board members can depart on Sunday afternoon.
21:45 < tbm> SFLC has kindly offered to host us.  Mishi will be there on Friday.  Eben can join on Saturday.
21:45 < tbm> I hope everyone made their travel arrangements.  If not, let me know.
21:45 < tbm> Bdale, do you want to reach out to Eben regarding his availability on Saturday so he can work with you on the by-laws?
21:45 < bdale> I'll make mine today.
21:45 < bdale> tbm: that would be great.
21:45 < Ganneff> funny month, this Thursday is
21:46 < tbm> We should offer video or audio conferencing for our board members who cannot attend.
21:46 < tbm> I have one question: there will be some motions to approve:
21:46 < tbm> 1) Our conflict of interest policy.
21:46 < bdale> I expect Mishi to deliver a draft at least in advance of the mtg, unlikely to work on it much more before we're in NYC though
21:46 < tbm> 2) X.Org wants to call another vote to join SPI and needs an updated resolution for us
21:46 < tbm> Should we allocate 1 hour as "official" board meeting that remote board members can join to vote
21:46 < bdale> sure
21:46 < tbm> if they cannot join the whole day.
21:46 < bdale> we can do that
21:47 < tbm> Ok
21:47 < bdale> technically, all we need is quorum to vote, but I'd be pleased to have everyone able to participate
21:47 < tbm> So maybe let's do Friday at our usual meeting time
21:47 < tbm> Any questions?
21:47 < Ganneff> half an hour later?
21:47 < bdale> Ganneff: Fri 21:00 utc?
21:48 < Ganneff> si
21:48 < tbm> I believe the only outstanding to do item on my list is to ask SFLC about catering. I think we should just get some food delivered for lunch
21:48 < tbm> I'll work with SFLC on this
21:48 < tbm> actually, this reminds me: we agreed to do a formal board dinner
21:48 < tbm> on Friday evening.
21:48 < bdale> Eben knows all the good places nearby
21:48 < bdale> I've never had a bad meal with him
21:48 < tbm> Ok.
21:48 < zobel> tbm: SPI is going to pay for the catering?
21:49 < tbm> zobel: that was my assumption. schultmc?
21:49 < schultmc> are guests allowed at the board dinner? I can pay for the extra person.
21:49 < tbm> There are actually some questions around that
21:49 < bdale> schultmc: seems fine to me
21:49 < tbm> since SPI doesn't have a travel policy
21:49 < schultmc> we have plenty of general funds to pay for board meeting catering/meals/etc.
21:49 < tbm> so maybe schultmc can give guidance on accepted expenses.  e.g. lunch/dinner vs per diem, etc
21:50 < schultmc> we can use the IRS per diem rates as a guideline regardless of whether we pay a per diem
21:50 < Ganneff> also, i guess the 11th board meeting wont happen, doing it the 12th
21:50 < bdale> catering in lunch is a good idea, one group dinner seems fine, in both cases let's be rational about how much we spend
21:50 < zobel> we can discuss that after the official meeting right now?
21:50 < bdale> Ganneff: correct
21:50 < tbm> Ganneff: you prefer Fri 21:00?
21:51 < Ganneff> tbm: 21 utc, si (whats that in ny?)
21:51 < bdale> that's what he said
21:51 < tbm> I think that's 16:00 in NYC
21:51 < tbm> Sounds good
21:51 < bdale> doesn't matter, we can do it
21:51 < bdale> Thu is out due to travel that day to get to NYC
21:51 < bdale> Fri 21:00 seems fine
21:51 < Ganneff> ay
21:51 < bdale> any other items to discuss?
21:52 < bdale> tbm: did we converge on a hotel choice?  if it's in email just say so
21:52 < tbm> I don't think so.  Can anyone think of things I missed?
21:52  * bdale is behind, as usual
21:52  * schultmc booked a hotel i've stayed at previously
21:52 < tbm> bdale: in email; just choose your own and stick to <$200/night pre-tax.
21:52 < schultmc> it was recommended to be close to a subway stop
21:52 < bdale> I don't actually expect to ask for SPI reimbursement, but we'll see
21:52 < tbm> I posted detail travel info to the board list
21:52 < schultmc> I was pleasantly surprised at the rates for manhattan hotels
21:53 < bdale> schultmc: they vary, a lot
21:53 < bdale> ok.  anything else for today?
21:53  * zobel has a hotel 3 blocks from SFLC
21:53 < bdale> item 9, Next board meeting]
21:53 < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting will be 12 February 2016, 21:00 UTC.
21:53 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:53 < bdale> *GAVEL*
