22:30 < Ganneff> *BANG*
22:30 < Ganneff> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
22:30 < Ganneff> The agenda can be found on the web at:  http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-06-09/
22:30 < Ganneff> [item 2, Roll Call]
22:30 < Ganneff> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six. Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
22:30 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
22:30 < xnox> dimitri john ledkov
22:30 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
22:30 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
22:30 < tbm> I received regrets from Bdale
22:30 < linuxhiker> Joshua D. Drake
22:30 < Ganneff> zobel:
22:31 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
22:31 < zobel> sorry, was too deep into ledger.
22:31 < Ganneff> [item 3, President's Report]
22:31 < Ganneff> Agenda looks like there is none, and Bdale is out partying.
22:31 < Ganneff> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
22:31 < Ganneff> That's for Michael.
22:32 < schultmc> I'm working with zobel and tbm to get data into ledger. regular reporting should resume soon. Apologies for the delay
22:32 < zobel> i can give feedback here: i expect January to be in ledger very soon.
22:33 < zobel> i hope that with that example data, schultmc then can resume faster.
22:33 < zobel> and i am willing to also help for the other months
22:33 < zobel> </done>
22:33 < schultmc> yes, once the syntax is available I'll be able to knock out the rest quickly
22:33 < Ganneff> so long before next meeting?
22:33 < zobel> i have half of january now with the data schultmc provided today.
22:34 < zobel> schultmc: if you have time after the meeting, lets chat a bit.
22:34 < schultmc> Ganneff: yes, should be available before the next meeting
22:34 < Ganneff> good good. done?
22:34 < zobel> Ganneff: i will not make promises, but i very hope, yes.
22:34 < schultmc> zobel: I need to leave after the meeting but can chat tomorrow
22:35 < Ganneff> [item 5, Secretary's report]
22:35 < Ganneff> One for tbm.
22:35 < tbm> OpenZFS, Glucosio, ArduPilot and NTPsec accepted our invitation and are listed on the web site now.
22:35 < tbm> I emailed all SPI associated projects to gather input for the 2015 annual report.
22:35 < tbm> Robert Brockway and Gregers Petersen resigned from the board due to lack of time.
22:35 < tbm> I'll post an overview of the election timeframe soon.
22:35 < tbm> (nothing else)
22:35 < Ganneff> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
22:35 < Ganneff> There is one set outstanding, from 12th May.
22:36 < Ganneff> go for vote?!
22:36 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (ganneff,tbm,schultmc,linuxhiker,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 May 2016. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:36 < Ganneff> !vote yes
22:36 < schultmc> !vote yes
22:36 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
22:36 < tbm> !vote yes
22:36 < zobel> !vote yes
22:36 < xnox> !vote yes
22:36 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 May 2016": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
22:36 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12 May 2016" closed.
22:36 < Ganneff> good good
22:36 < Ganneff> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
22:36 < Ganneff> Agenda says we have 3, Torch, Qubes and new by-laws.
22:37 < tbm> Any discussion around Torch or Qubes?
22:37  * Ganneff calls for a vote on torch
22:37 < linuxhiker> Seconded
22:37 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (ganneff,tbm,schultmc,linuxhiker,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Torch as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:37 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
22:37 < Ganneff> !vote yes
22:37 < tbm> !vote abstain
22:37 < schultmc> !vote yes
22:37 < zobel> !vote yes
22:37 < xnox> !vote yes
22:37 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Torch as an associated project": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
22:37 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Torch as an associated project" closed.
22:38  * Ganneff calls for a vote on Qubes
22:38 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (ganneff,tbm,schultmc,linuxhiker,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:38 < linuxhiker> wait
22:38 < linuxhiker> I think we should discuss qubes
22:38 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project": Yes: 0, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 6 ( ganneff  zobel  linuxhiker  xnox  schultmc  tbm )
22:38 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project" closed.
22:38 < Ganneff> linuxhiker: go
22:38 < linuxhiker> There was quite a bit back and forth on qubes, did anyone else read the thread?
22:38 < zobel> yes
22:39 < linuxhiker> especially my email sent 06/04
22:39 < linuxhiker> anyone else besides zobel?
22:39 < xnox> yes
22:40 < tbm> I saw that message but unfortunately I did not have time to review the whole thread.
22:40 < linuxhiker> I personally don't have a problem with what they are doing from a logistics perspective including paying contractors (I think we need to accept that we are now in a world where this is going to happen)
22:40 < xnox> paying three developers to work on free software from the money they raise imho is fine.
22:40 < tbm> right
22:41 < xnox> are they based in USA or where they based in Poland (i lost track)
22:41 < linuxhiker> that I don't know but if it is in poland that makes our life even easier
22:41 < xnox> depending on where they are based it might be sole income, and even "high" income.
22:41 < xnox> and hence have tax liability in the USA.
22:42 < linuxhiker> yes
22:42 < xnox> reading online i cannot find details as to what IRS, and speicifically our IRS office / NYC law finds as employment or not.
22:42 < linuxhiker> and that is the issue, if we go down this road, there will need to be actual contracts in place, active officers to review and sign those contracts as well as be accountable for those contracts
22:42 < xnox> and it might be all fine and dandy, and eventually they will say hangon these people should have paid tax and fine us.
22:43 < Ganneff> so you advocate we pipe that through a lawyer first?
22:43 < Ganneff> assessing the  risk for us? (or whoever is more knowledged)
22:43 < xnox> imho, i'd rather these qubes people setup their own for-profit entity wherever they want, instead of collecting & pocketing tax-free money (to put it in crude terms) so, on these basis i'm minus-one.
22:43 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: no,this is really standard fare
22:43 < tbm> sounds like we should consult SFLC first
22:44 < xnox> and i don't think i'll be able to learn employment laws for 501c3 with IRS/NYC to make any other educated vote.
22:44 < xnox> Ganneff, having directors liability insurance in place would be handy before we do this qubes thing.
22:44 < zobel> i would abstain from a vote today, if we not pass this to SFLC.
22:44 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: tbm: no my concerns is not the paperwork, like I said... that is easy stuff and very standard business. The issue is: Does this board feel that our officers are active enough to maintain a level of service that Qubes may require (as well as others). In short, we very much may want to delay vote until the new board is in place
22:44 < xnox> basic advice would be fine too.
22:45 < xnox> if basic advice is ok, and we have liability insurance, i'll be happy to vote +1.
22:45 < zobel> xnox: which we haven't
22:45 < linuxhiker> xnox: we need limited liability & directors for this to be acceptable
22:45 < xnox> imho we could reply to qubes to say.
22:46 < xnox> in principal it looks fine. but "(a) we need new board (b) insurance (c) employment advice before we proceed"
22:46 < linuxhiker> note: this is going to be a problem for a lot of projects soon, we really have no choice but to fix this problem *but*
22:46 < zobel> afk for around 90s.
22:46 < xnox> and e.g. they are welcome to join spi, without contracting payments at first, if they so wish.
22:46 < xnox> cause e.g. they can start invoicing for infrastructure, hosting, domain names, etc.
22:46 < Ganneff> soo. anyone calling for a vote on this today, or do we postpone and resolve issues first?
22:47 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: I am fine voting today, I just wanted the board under full understanding
22:47 < zobel> back.
22:47 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: again, this is pretty standard stuff and not hard, we just aren't set up for it (yet)
22:47 < tbm> Sounds to me we should postpone
22:47 < zobel> tbm: ack.
22:47 < zobel> postpone.
22:47 < Ganneff> linuxhiker: then you can call for it. i wont, and i vote negative after the discussion just now.
22:47 < Ganneff> linuxhiker: and i suspect most others too
22:47 -!- mauritslamers [~anonymous@a82-161-135-189.adsl.xs4all.nl] has quit [Quit: mauritslamers]
22:47 < linuxhiker> calling for vote on qubes
22:48 < tbm> Voting started, 6 people (ganneff,tbm,schultmc,linuxhiker,zobel,xnox) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:48 < tbm> !vote no
22:48 -!- tetris4 [~quassel@53564E62.cm-6-7b.dynamic.ziggo.nl] has joined #spi
22:48 < Ganneff> !vote no
22:48 < linuxhiker> !vote abstain
22:48 < schultmc> !vote abstain
22:48 < xnox> !vote no
22:48 < zobel> !vote abstain
22:48 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project": Yes: 0, No: 3, Abstain: 3, Missing: 0 ()
22:48 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Qube as an associated project" closed.
22:48 < Ganneff> right, resolve issues, come again.
22:49 < linuxhiker> who wants to let them know?
22:49 < xnox> yes
22:49 < Ganneff> so next on topic is by-laws
22:49 < zobel> I would like to discuss if we still have any open points on the drafted by-laws. If not, i would like to encourage president and/or secretary to bring the drafted by-laws into public discussion. i would really like to see a vote on the by-laws in this year.
22:49 < xnox> linuxhiker, i can summarise....
22:49 < linuxhiker> xnox: go for it and I will followup if needed
22:49 < linuxhiker> zobel: seconded on that
22:49 < xnox> ack.
22:49  * Ganneff agrees
22:50 < tbm> zobel: Bdale was heading this effort so I think he should do it.  He's busy this week but I can email him and ask him to do it next week.
22:50 < tbm> In the meantime, did anyone have concerns about the latest draft?
22:50 < zobel> i don't see any points which i think that needs discussion.
22:50  * xnox is happy with bylaws i think
22:50 < linuxhiker> tbm: with respect to our leader, he hasn't exactly been available....
22:51 < linuxhiker> I think the secretary should dump them on private and let's have at it
22:51 < zobel> leader? president.
22:51 < tbm> linuxhiker: I can email Bdale.  He said the by-laws is something he wants to finish
22:51 < linuxhiker> zobel: yes
22:51 < zobel> tbm: so if we don't finish, he runs again? :)
22:51 < Ganneff> ok. so lets have tbm mail bdale. worst case we can still just dump em on a list somewhere...
22:51 < tbm> Ok, I can post the bylaws in 10 days if Bdale hasn't done it by then.
22:52 < Ganneff> as it looks like no real issue for this, ...
22:52 < Ganneff> [item 8, AOB]
22:52 < Ganneff> Anyone anything? You have -5 seconds to speak up or be silent forever. :)
22:52 < zobel> tbm: sounds great, yes.
22:52 < tbm> yes
22:52 < linuxhiker> yes
22:52 < tbm> I want to talk about the elections
22:52 < linuxhiker> tbm: seconded
22:52 < Ganneff> tbm: go
22:52 < tbm> We have 6 seats available this year but only 1 next year (and 2 in two years) which isn't ideal
22:52 < tbm> typically we had 3 every year.
22:52 < Ganneff> im up this year, right?
22:53 < zobel> Ganneff: yes.
22:53 < Ganneff> if so, i run for 1 or 2 years period only to get it back even (if i come back in)
22:53 < tbm> Ganneff: yes, bdale, Ganneff, zobel and linuxhiker and the 2 directors who resigned
22:54 < linuxhiker> tbm: I see a benefit to the current problem
22:54 < Ganneff> i dont care 1 or 2, but we should try to get it 3 3 3 again.
22:54 < xnox> tbm, staggering available seats to align us would be fine.
22:54 < tbm> linuxhiker: yeah?
22:54 < linuxhiker> tbm: we need some new blood, and then we need some people to sit still and get some stuff done, so having only 1 or 2 over a couple of years could potentially be good
22:55 < xnox> e.g. top voter gets 3 years, next two get 2 years, and one gets 1 years. Or whatever the distribution is needed to make subsequent elections to be 3 v 3 v 3 again
22:55 < tbm> xnox: if my count is correct, it would be: 3: 3 years, 2: 1 years; 1: 2 years
22:56 < tbm> so top 3: 3 years, next 1: 2 years, last 2: 1 year
22:56 < Ganneff> as said, im happy to take a 1 or 2 years run only, so we dont need to force someone else if they dont want to
22:56 < linuxhiker> I do plan on running myself
22:56 < tbm> Ganneff: ack
22:56  * zobel will run.
22:57 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: if the reason you are running is just to help with the 3 year issue, I would say... don't bother. Let's take the hit and move on. (If there are other reasons by all means please run)
22:57 < Ganneff> ok, more on vote? and/or anyone else with a point?
22:58 < Ganneff> linuxhiker: nah, i want to run anyways
22:58 < tbm> It would be good to make a decision today because I'd like to announce the voting timeframe / process.
22:58 < linuxhiker> tbm: I say let it ride
22:59 < Ganneff> anyone else who volunteers for a shortened period? thats easiest to align things
22:59  * zobel
22:59 < xnox> to be honest we should just run election, get the new board, hopefully enough people.
22:59 < Ganneff> (obviously needs them to get in and wont help if we dont)
22:59 < xnox> and then we can voluntarily decide to shorten terms
23:00 < xnox> and everyone for three years
23:00 < linuxhiker> that is two of six to let it ride, anyone else?
23:00 < schultmc> at least 3 of the remaining aren't running for election
23:01 < tbm> linuxhiker: I think only Ganneff, zobel and you are running this year.  The other 3 are TBD
23:01 < Ganneff> whatever, noone stops one from resigning just at the right time...
23:01 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: true
23:01 < Ganneff> so lets get the election started and it will sort out?!
23:01 < linuxhiker> Ganneff: agreed
23:01 < Ganneff> (i assume that board members are sensible. bad me, i know :) )
23:01 < tbm> Ok, I'll post an overtime of the timeline in a few days
23:02 < zobel> overview?
23:02 < Ganneff> anyone else an aob? aeaaob?
23:02 < tbm> zobel: overview, yes :)
23:02 < Ganneff> [item 9, Next board meeting]
23:02 < Ganneff> Next board meeting: July 14, 2016, 20:30 UTC
23:02 -!- Ganneff changed the topic of #spi to: http://www.spi-inc.org/ | Next board meeting July 14, 2016, 20:30 UTC (aka `date -d @1468528200` or `date -r @1468528200`)
23:02 < zobel> no
23:03 < tbm> Oh,we forgot to discuss zobel's request to move th next boarding meeting
23:03 < zobel> i suggested to mvoe that meeting once week, into the DC16 week.
23:03 < Ganneff> do we have loads of DC16 attendees? or why?
23:03 < zobel> a couple of us might be traveling afterwards.
23:03 < tbm> as a reminder, the next board meeting is the Annual General Meeting
23:04 < xnox> i will be at DC16
23:04 < Ganneff> im fine with moving it. anyone here? or a short vote on it?
23:04 < linuxhiker> doesn't matter to me
23:04 < tbm> One concern about doing it during DC16 is that it will be quite late in the evening (yes, I know same time for some of you
23:04 < schultmc> i'm fine moving it
23:04 < zobel> i am fine with moving.
23:05 < zobel> bdale will be at DC16, me will be, xnox will be.
23:05 < tbm> I'd prefer to keep it but I don't mind moving it.
23:05 < zobel> who else?
23:05 < Ganneff> to which date?
23:05 < tbm> zobel: I will be there
23:05 < Ganneff> 7? or 21?
23:05 < zobel> same day, just one week early.
23:05 < Ganneff> so 7
23:05 < zobel> yes.
23:06 < Ganneff> [item 9, Next board meeting]
23:06 < Ganneff> Next board meeting: July 07, 2016, 20:30 UTC
23:06 -!- Ganneff changed the topic of #spi to: http://www.spi-inc.org/ | Next board meeting July 07, 2016, 20:30 UTC (aka `date -d @@1467923400` or `date -r @@1467923400`)
23:06 < Ganneff> *GAVEL*
