22:01 < tbm> *GAVEL*
22:01 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
22:01 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
22:01 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-10-10/
22:02 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
22:02 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
22:02 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
22:02 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
22:02 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
22:02 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
22:02 < Ganneff> tbms paste is slow
22:02 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
22:02 < tbm> Martin Michlmay
22:02 < tbm> I just received regrets from Luca
22:03 < tbm> So who'
22:03 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
22:03 < tbm> So who's missing.  xnox?
22:03 < schultmc> xnox, Hydroxide
22:04 < Hydroxide> I'm here
22:04 < Hydroxide> I answered in the roll call
22:04 < schultmc> ah
22:05 < schultmc> xnox and zobel
22:05 < tbm> spectranaut: did you receive any regrets?
22:05 < spectranaut> nope
22:05 < Ganneff> we have enough to continue
22:06 < tbm> Yes, let's move on
22:06 < tbm> [item 3, President's Report]
22:07 < tbm> I just added my report to http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-10-10/
22:07 < tbm> Please take a few minutes to read it.
22:07 < xnox> Dimitri John Ledkov
22:07 < zobel> upps
22:07 < xnox> we were on hangout =)
22:07 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
22:07 < xnox> zobel and I
22:08 < tbm> happy to hear you were working on SPI activities :)
22:08 < tbm> Any questions regarding the report?
22:08 < zobel> give us 5min, then we can publish a combined jan+feb report.
22:08 < xnox> tbm, i just pulled the website and i odn't see the agenda =/
22:08 < xnox> 2016-10-10
22:08 < Hydroxide> http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-10-10/
22:08 < tbm> http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2016/2016-10-10/
22:08 < tbm> I can see it
22:09 < tbm> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
22:09 < zobel> give us 5min, then we can publish a combined jan+feb report.
22:09 < Ganneff> that cant go into the next?
22:09 < Hydroxide> let's proceed with the next item and come back to this later in the meeting if it's ready in time
22:10 < Hydroxide> 5 minutes is not very long :)
22:10 < tbm> I suggest you give a general overview now and publish the report after the meeting
22:10 < tbm> You don't want to rush the report.
22:10 < Ganneff> plus minutes for people to read, ..... its nice to have reports, but not right inside the meeting
22:10 < tbm> schultmc: any updates from you?
22:11 < schultmc> zobel, xnox and I have been working on the reporting. we're getting scripts together to make the report generating easier
22:11 < tbm> But I'm very happy to see we'll have our first report based on ledger soon
22:11 < Hydroxide> yes, maybe the full report could end up in today's meeting minutes as a retroactive addition, to be approved next month
22:11 < schultmc> many thanks to zobel and xnox for their assistance
22:11 < tbm> Great work, everyone!
22:11 < tbm> Anything else?
22:11 < schultmc> nothing else at the moment
22:12 < xnox> we are done with feb report. fighting with ikiwiki at the moment to publish it =)
22:12 < tbm> [item 5, Secretary's report]
22:12 < spectranaut> So we need to decide on f2f meeting, the most popular dates from the poll are:
22:12 < xnox> (however our january balances do not yet match Michael's report, therefore we are writting comments about that - as there are transactions we account in a different months, that happened at the end of month)
22:13 < spectranaut> weekend of Feb 25th -- only Ganneff cannot attend
22:13 < spectranaut> weekend of March 18th or 25th -- only Zobel cannot attend
22:14 < spectranaut> how should we decide between these dates?
22:14 < tbm> I think earlier is better than later so I'm for February (sorry Ganneff)
22:14 < Ganneff> is ok, the second i miss.
22:14 < tbm> Of course, February and March are still far away, so I'm wondering how firm people's schedule are
22:14 < tbm> On the other hand, I hope this will allow people to reserve that time.
22:15 < Hydroxide> I would prefer to decide the date now, or soon if we can't decide today, exactly to allow long-term planning and cheaper airfares
22:15 < Ganneff> may be able to be online then, but its short after chinese new year, so pretty sure im not able to travel anywhere else than to wifes country...
22:15 < tbm> I fear we won't be able to host the meeting in Taiwan :)
22:16 < Ganneff> pah, its a nice place.
22:16 < tbm> I'd say Canada or the US and with Ganneff not attending we may just as well go with the US
22:16 < tbm> Maybe SFLC could host us again
22:16 < tbm> Any objections to February 25?
22:16 < tbm> I suggest a full day on Friday and Saturday
22:16 < Ganneff> nope
22:16 < schultmc> no objections from me
22:16 < tbm> so arrival on Thursday, departure on Sunday
22:16 < tbm> Does that sound ok?
22:16 < tbm> That should keep airfare down
22:17 < Hydroxide> great. when should we be picking the location? (at least city, no need to decide precise venue yet)
22:17 < Ganneff> maybe at some point in the future i get to attend. :)
22:17 < schultmc> NYC worked well last time
22:17 < tbm> I can work with spectranaut on this offline
22:17 < tbm> Ganneff: hopefully
22:17 < Hydroxide> ok
22:17 < schultmc> good air connections to .us and .eu
22:17 < Ganneff> (put it in .de, makes it way easier. or .eu)
22:17 < tbm> if hotel rates are reasonable in NYC in February, I can ask SFLC again
22:18 < schultmc> january and february rates for NYC hotels are quite reasonable
22:18 < Hydroxide> tbm: that should be as cheap of a time of year as NYC ever gets
22:18 < zobel> do we need to discuss that now?
22:18 < Ganneff> no
22:18 < tbm> Nope, let's move that offline
22:18 < Hydroxide> oko
22:18 < spectranaut> ok, since there are no objectiongs, I'll report Feb 25 in the meetings
22:18 < tbm> spectranaut: anything else from you?
22:18 < spectranaut> nothing else from me
22:18 < tbm> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
22:19 < tbm> I believe we have minutes for September 12 to approve
22:19 < Hydroxide> tbm: if you decide on NYC and SFLC can't host for whatever reason, I can help look for alternate venues, since I'm now local. but SFLC would be great.
22:19 < tbm> http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2016/2016-09-12/
22:19 < Ganneff> go go go vote.
22:20 < spectranaut_> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,tbm,schultmc,zobel,hydroxide,tridge,xnox,spectranaut) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 12 September 2016. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:20 < Ganneff> !vote yes
22:20 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
22:20 < spectranaut> !vote yes
22:20 < tridge> !vote yes
22:20 < zobel> !vote yes
22:20 < xnox> !vote yes
22:20 < tbm> !vote yes
22:21 < spectranaut_> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 12 September 2016": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( schultmc )
22:21 < spectranaut_> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Monday 12 September 2016" closed.
22:21 < schultmc> !vote yes
22:21 < spectranaut> oops sorry!
22:21 < schultmc> sorry
22:21 < spectranaut> I miscounted
22:21 < tbm> It's fine, you can just count schultmc's vote manually
22:21 < tbm> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
22:21 < tbm> [item 7.1, Directors and officers liability insurance update]
22:21 < zobel> spectranaut: just get the right number into the report.
22:22 < tbm> We were planning to go with the discounted quote via NPCC.
22:22 < tbm> schultmc pointed out that NPCC membership is only open for organizations in New York metropolitan area
22:22 < tbm> I reported last time that I contacted NPCC by email but heard not back yet
22:22 < Ganneff> spectranaut: for the future, a /vote_result will just count, not directly close, as /vote_stop
22:22 < tbm> As it turns out, my mail was not sent due to a configuration error. I apologize.  I sent an email today and will report next time (or by email)
22:23 < tbm> (done)
22:23 < schultmc> if we fix 7.3 with a NYC address we could possibly qualify for NPCC membership
22:24 < tbm> They also have an "affiliate" status which might be enough.
22:24 < tbm> Hopefully I'll know more next time
22:24 < tbm> [item 7.2, Bylaws draft update]
22:24 < tbm> Hydroxide?
22:24 < Hydroxide> Unfortunately the end of a job coincided with a close family member's surgery (they're fine), so I'm a bit behind on this. I aim to jumpstart the email discussion this week on spi-general. My tentative plan is to use Bdale's draft as a template, but make amendments require a member vote quorum of 10% of the voting membership and a 50%+1 majority vote approval. the board would be able to vote normally to tri
22:24 < Hydroxide> gger a member vote - 30 days advance ...
22:24 < Hydroxide> ... notice, 1 week to vote. if the bylaw needs to be in effect provisionally until the members decide, we'd need unanimous board approval as an extra safeguard. 10 non-director members (threshold TBD) could propose an amendment in the same way as the board.
22:25 < tbm> Hydroxide: thank you. Would be good to see progress on this soon.
22:25 < Hydroxide> I don't want a hard approval threshold, but I respect the members' desire to have some oversight besides periodic board elections.
22:25 -!- maninvan [~bonney@S0106907240030a21.vc.shawcable.net] has joined #spi
22:26 < Hydroxide> agreed, we should get this done soon and I'm happy to see it through.
22:26 < tbm> Thanks
22:26 < tbm> Any questions?
22:27 < zobel> nope
22:27 < Hydroxide> (done)
22:27 < tbm> [item 7.3, Physical mailing address update]
22:27 < tbm> Since Luca is not around, should we skip this or can someone else give an update?
22:28 < tbm> Okay, let's add it to the November agenda
22:28 < tbm> [item 7.4, Status of deprecation of SPI CA]
22:28 < tbm> At the face-to-face meeting in February, we decided to deprecate the
22:28 < tbm> SPI CA by the end of this year.
22:28 < tbm> What is still needed to do this?
22:28 < tbm> Are we on track?
22:29 < Ganneff> not really done anything on it, but i gives out nothing new anymore.
22:29 < Ganneff> its removed from debian (and others)
22:29 < Ganneff> our own stuff that still has i switch soon, hopefully before next meeting.
22:29 < tbm> Are there any users left?  I believe zobel found some back in February
22:30 < zobel> oftc was
22:30 < tbm> zobel: but not anymore?
22:30 < zobel> not sure.
22:30 < Ganneff> no
22:30 < Ganneff> letsencryptified it is
22:30 < zobel> db.oftc.net might be still using it.
22:31 < Ganneff> ill be talking to people i see certs for.
22:31 < Ganneff> brb, kid crying
22:31 < tbm> Okay, thanks Ganneff
22:31 < tbm> Maybe you can give an update in the November meeting
22:31 < tridge> rt.spi-inc.org seems to use it?
22:31 < tbm> tridge: yeah, spi still uses it, as Ganneff mentioned
22:31 < tbm> [item 8, Any other business]
22:32 < tbm> Anything else?
22:32 < xnox> shall i post urls to the reports?
22:32  * xnox pushed them out to my private server, until i fight with ikiwiki & html conversion? =)
22:32 < zobel> yes?
22:33 < zobel> tbm: ^
22:33 < tbm> I suggest you take your time and get it right but maybe can a link to the board list for preview?
22:33 < xnox> ok
22:33 < tbm> Whatever you prefer
22:33 < tbm> Anything else?
22:33 < xnox> i'll send it to the board.
22:33 < tbm> Sounds like there's no other business
22:34 < tbm> I'll be away for 2 weeks starting on Thursday.
22:34 < tbm> I'll be checking email but I'll be less active.
22:34 < tbm> Just as FYI.
22:34 < tbm> [item 9, Next board meeting]
22:34 < tbm> The next board meeting is scheduled for November 14, 2016
22:34 < tbm> Any objections?
22:34 < zobel> wfm
22:34 < Hydroxide> works for me
22:34 < tbm> Okay, thanks everyone!
22:34 < tbm> *GAVEL*
