19:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
19:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of di
19:00 < bdale> rectors meeting, which is now called to order.
19:00 < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2008/2008-03-19.html
19:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
19:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board mem
19:00 < bdale> bers, quorum for today's meeting is six.
19:00 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish
19:00 < bdale>  your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
19:00 < bdale> Neil, any regrets?
19:00 < luk> Luk Claes
19:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
19:00 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
19:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
19:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
19:00 < BrucePerens> Maulkin is away.
19:01 < Maulkin> Lo
19:01 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
19:01 < bdale> cool.  quorum met.
19:01 < Hydroxide> hi there :)
19:02 < Maulkin> Apologies, traffic
19:02 < bdale> Maulkin: any regrets?  Ganneff was a maybe but is here.
19:02 < Maulkin> Only Ganneff
19:02 -!- KaareMobile [~KaareMobi@bibob-nat.mobil.telenor.no] has joined #spi
19:02 < cdlu> David Graham
19:02 < bdale> ok
19:02 < cdlu> sorry, got distracted
19:02 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
19:02 < bdale> Nothing new to report.
19:02 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
19:02 < bdale> Michael?
19:03 < schultmc> I don't have a formal report but do have some informal information to report.
19:03 < schultmc> We've migrated our data entry system to an SPI machine and are working on new accounting software.
19:04 < schultmc> Our account balances: checking - $16,229.31, savings 126,230.68
19:04 -!- dc0e [~dc0e@c-69-243-116-60.hsd1.md.comcast.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
19:04 < schultmc> we also have ~$13,000 in an ameriprise investment account - I've got a request in with ameriprise to deal with that account
19:05 < schultmc> By the April 2008 meeting, I hope to have a proper treasurer report.  I apologize for the delay.
19:05 < schultmc> </done>
19:05 -!- dc0e [~dc0e@c-69-243-116-60.hsd1.md.comcast.net] has joined #spi
19:05 < luk> so a negative balance on the checking account?
19:05 < schultmc> luk: sorry, that was instead of a colon
19:05 < schultmc> it is a positive balance
19:06 < luk> ok, just wanted to be sure
19:06 < linuxpoet> here
19:06 < bdale> ok, thanks.  I'm really looking forward to a return to regular monthly reports starting next month.  If there's anything I or the rest of the board can/should do to help ensure that happens, let us know.
19:06 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
19:06 < bdale> Neil?
19:06 < Maulkin> Just a sec...
19:06 < linuxpoet> sorry I was late
19:07 < bdale> linuxpoet: s'ok, we hit quorum without you and haven't voted on anything yet
19:07 < Hydroxide> linuxpoet: care you state your name for the record for any observers who don't know you? :)
19:07 < Hydroxide> s/care you/care to/
19:07 < linuxpoet> Joshua Drake
19:07 < Maulkin> Ok, we've had a request for our 1023, which I believe is something we need to provide by the IRS
19:07 < Maulkin> I could be wrong here though :)
19:08 < cdlu> hydroxide, more for rapid minuteer nick-name mapping :)
19:08 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: we are required to provide that, yes
19:08 < bdale> who has a copy, schultmc?
19:08 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
19:08 < Maulkin> I don't hold this item, so I can't provide it. It seems easy enough to get hold of one though.
19:08  * schultmc doesn't have a copy but is working with the IRS to get one
19:08 < zobel> sorry for being late
19:08 < bdale> Maulkin: what's the urgency on the request?
19:09 < bdale> zobel: welcome!
19:09 < Maulkin> whois zobel 
19:09 < Maulkin> bah
19:09 < Maulkin> < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
19:09 < Maulkin> bdale: I have no idea I'm afraid. I would imagine getting it sooner rather than later would be good though
19:10 < Maulkin> I'm afraid I'm not up to speed with the IRS regulations in that regard.
19:10 < bdale> schultmc: where are you in the process?  anything we can/should do to speed it up?
19:10 < Hydroxide> schultmc: do you think you'll either be able to have it resolved or at least have a status update from the IRS on our request before our April meeting?
19:10 < sam> 'evening.
19:10 < luk> hi sam
19:10 < Hydroxide> hi Sam
19:10 < schultmc> bdale: I need to submit a form and wait for the IRS to mail back copies of our 1023
19:10 -!- RichiH [richih@richih.netrep.oftc.net] has joined #spi
19:10 < schultmc> Hydroxide: I expect at least a status update before the April meeting
19:11 < bdale> schultmc: ok, with a pending request for the form, please give this an appropriate sense of urgency
19:11 < bdale> Maulkin: anything else?
19:11 < schultmc> bdale: understood
19:11 < Maulkin> Yup
19:11 < Hydroxide> schultmc: sounds good. if you mail the form out soon and keep the requester up to date on the status, that sounds good
19:11 < Maulkin> I received a mail from linuxpoet, but I don't know if that's public information; linuxpoet?
19:12 < linuxpoet> uhhh
19:12 < linuxpoet> can you pm me the context
19:13  * bdale taps his fingers
19:13 < Maulkin> Just a sec... :)
19:13 < Maulkin> Working on it
19:13  * slef pours a drink from bdale's fingers and passes it to Maulkin
19:13 < Maulkin> no mail has been received to secretary@ that is either a) publically discloseable, b) isn't already available in public spi lists or c) isn't spam
19:14  * Hydroxide looks at slef strangely
19:14 < Maulkin> <done>
19:14 < bdale> ok, thanks
19:14 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
19:14 < bdale> Neil?
19:14 < Maulkin> Afriad we do have two sets, but they're not ready for voting on.
19:14 < bdale> sigh.  they'll be ready by next meeting?
19:14 < Maulkin> Apologies for this, the delayed meeting confused me somewhat
19:14 < Maulkin> Absolutely
19:14 < bdale> ok, thanks
19:15 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
19:15 < bdale> [item 7.1, New board member]
19:15 < bdale> Neil?
19:15 < Maulkin> Postponed.
19:15 < bdale> ok
19:15 < Maulkin> (more info not public yet)
19:15 < bdale> ok
19:15 < bdale> Jimmy, I believe you have a late-breaking resolution you'd like us to vote on that didn't make the agenda?
19:16 < Maulkin> [ http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2008-March/002565.html ]
19:16 < Hydroxide> is that the revised version?
19:16  * Maulkin nods
19:16 < Hydroxide> it was a small but important tweak
19:16 < Hydroxide> ok
19:16 < bdale> discussion?
19:16  * Maulkin assigns it 2008-03-19.jrk.2
19:16 < bdale> sam: want to say anything about this?
19:17 < Maulkin> For info: this is proceedural, so I'm happy to waive the standard required-time-before-meeting thing
19:17 < luk> like I said before the meeting, I don't see why the copyright notice and permission notice has to be included when the logo is used
19:17 < Maulkin> luk: see revised version? :)
19:18 < sam> bdale: I'm just confused by luk's remark
19:18 < Hydroxide> luk: to the extent that's still true in the revised version, it was the Debian project's choice to use the MIT license as per http://lists.debian.org/debian-project/2007/02/msg00019.html and I wasn't going to override that
19:18 < Hydroxide> luk: but it was more true than necessary in the resolution's original versions, which is why i revised it
19:19 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: AIUI, it also includes the closed use version
19:20 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: that was changed in my resolution based on the legal advice we received from Greg
19:20 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: with the approval of the DPL
19:20 < Hydroxide> sam can confirm this, or you can read scrollback from a couple hours before the meeting :)
19:20 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: The advice from greg was that it shoudn't apply to the text Debian.
19:20 < bdale> so the current resolution is to relicense just the open use logo variant that does not include the 'Debian' text?
19:20 < Hydroxide> bdale: yes
19:20 < luk> Hydroxide: that only mentions a request for discussion, no decision...
19:20 < Maulkin> The closed version without the text is also fine.
19:20 -!- dc0e [~dc0e@c-69-243-116-60.hsd1.md.comcast.net] has quit [Quit: ↻ or ↓]
19:21 < sam> yes, Greg advised against changing anything about the official logo
19:21 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: not if Debian wants to enforce the closed version without the text as an unregistered trademark
19:21 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: which that mail still did
19:21 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: also see sam's comments :)
19:21 < Maulkin> ahh, ack
19:21 < luk> sam: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
19:21 < sam> I don't want to open a Pandora's box when the real urgency is simply to have a free-as-in-beer logo
19:21 < bdale> I'm ok with voting for this resolution.  if there are other changes that should be made for the other logo variants, we can handle those through additional resolutions in the future.
19:22 < luk> where in the
19:22 < luk> phrase "this software and associated documentation files", the subphrase
19:22 < luk> "this software" shall refer to the logo itself
19:22 < Maulkin> Well, we can vote now, or shove an email one through. I think it's simple enough that it'll pass.
19:22 < Maulkin> bdale: ack
19:22  * Maulkin moves so
19:22  * linuxpoet seconded
19:22  * schultmc seconds
19:22 < Maulkin> My vote lines are missing, so:
19:22 < luk> I don't think it's ready to vote on...
19:22 < bdale> luk: why not?
19:22 < sam> luk: this is similar to Sun's licence for Duke (https://duke.dev.java.net/)
19:23 < luk> because I don't think Debian wants that every t-shirt and mug is accompanied by a flyer
19:24 < luk> or worse solutions to include the notices for that matter
19:24 < jcristau> luk: that's debian's decision, not spi's
19:24 < Hydroxide> luk: it could also probably be just on a sign visible at the place where they're giving out the T-shirts
19:24 < bdale> luk: whether Debian chooses to enforce that term of the license against is an interesting question
19:25 < luk> jcristau: there was no decision
19:25 < slef> luk: most of them are in packets. Print it on the packet, or on the display stand they're sold from.
19:25 < bdale> s/is an/itself is an/
19:25 < Hydroxide> luk: the DPL has made the request of SPI with this license specified
19:25 < linuxpoet> Question: How was this resolution brought to the board? Did the LIaison or Debian Board Observer submit it?
19:25 < linuxpoet> oh
19:25 < linuxpoet> well that answers my question
19:25 < Hydroxide> linuxpoet: yes.
19:26 < linuxpoet> Well then I don't think it is really up to us to discuss Debian's intent
19:26 < linuxpoet> We just need to vote
19:26 < bdale> luk: from where I sit, the project had a discussion, the results of which were presented to SPI by the DPL, and we have a resolution on the table.
19:26 < luk> sure, that's from an SPI point of view
19:26 < Ganneff> which is what we are.
19:27 < luk> so if you all want to vote, I won't stop you, though I don't think it's ready to vote on
19:27 < bdale> luk: this is an SPI meeting, so that's the relevant point of view.  I have no problem if you want to take this matter up with the DPL or the rest of the project, but that's a little bit out of scope for this meeting.
19:27 < Hydroxide> luk: then abstain or vote no.
19:27 < luk> well if it was not last minute
19:27 < luk> there would have been discussion before the meeting
19:27 < Maulkin> We can probably do this via email.
19:27 < luk> which could have avoided this altogether
19:27 < Hydroxide> luk: it wasn't last-minute. this was just passing a vote to ratify stuff that was mentioned last May and June
19:27 < Hydroxide> luk: and reported in SPI meeting minutes
19:28 < Maulkin> bdale: your call.
19:28 < luk> personally I would postpone it
19:29 < Hydroxide> I'll go either way on postponing it, though I don't see a need.
19:29 < sam> luk: if the board doesn't vote now, we're left with licensing terms that are worse in almost all aspects; this might require changes but there's no reason not to vote now IMHO
19:29 < bdale> I've already stated that I'm prepared to vote on it.
19:29 < Maulkin> Voting started, 1 people ( fixing the debian open use logo license) allowed to vote on Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
19:29 < Maulkin> dammit.
19:29 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1": Yes: 0, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 (  fixing the debian open use logo license )
19:29 < Maulkin> Voting for "Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1" closed.
19:29 < Hydroxide> haha
19:29 < Maulkin> Voting started, 9 people (cdlu,ganneff,schultmc,luk,maulkin,hydroxide,bdale,zobel,linuxpoet) allowed to vote on Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1 - Fixing the Debian Open Use Logo License. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
19:29 < linuxpoet> !vote abstain
19:29 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
19:29 < schultmc> !vote yes
19:29 < Maulkin> !vote yes
19:29 < cdlu> !vote yes
19:29 < Ganneff> !vote yes
19:29 < slef> * Maulkin assigns it 2008-03-19.jrk.2
19:29 < slef> ?
19:30 < bdale> !vote yes
19:30 < Maulkin> slef: ack, will adjust
19:30 < zobel> !vote yes
19:30 < luk> !vote abstain
19:30 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1 - Fixing the Debian Open Use Logo License": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 0 ()
19:30 < Maulkin> Voting for "Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.1 - Fixing the Debian Open Use Logo License" closed.
19:30 < Maulkin> pass
19:30 < Hydroxide> cool. 
19:30 < Hydroxide> now sam and Maulkin can work on a press release as discussed in this channel outside of meeting time :)
19:31 < bdale> ok.  luk, I encourage you to continue this conversation with sam, et al.  I think this leaves us in a better situation than before, but if we need to adjust/improve in the future, I'll certainly be happy to entertain a new resolution at a future meeting.
19:31 < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
19:31 < luk> ok
19:31 < linuxpoet> none
19:31 < luk> none
19:31 < sam> bdale: that seems very reasonable to me, thanks
19:31 < bdale> sam: np
19:32 < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
19:32 < bdale> Neil?  I believe our default would be Wednesday 16th Apr, 2008 - 19:00 UTC?
19:32 < Maulkin> Yup
19:32 < bdale> looks ok for me
19:32 < Hydroxide> note
19:32 < Hydroxide> that
19:32 < Hydroxide> it's DST/summer time in europe
19:32 < Hydroxide> starting in April
19:32 < Maulkin> The only possible issue is the change to summer time
19:32 < cdlu> works for me.
19:32 < linuxpoet> I might be speaking at MySQL Con
19:32 < linuxpoet> Its either the 16th or 17th, I will let you know
19:33 < bdale> linuxpoet: ok
19:33 < luk> I wouldn't oppose moving it to 18 UTC
19:33  * linuxpoet gets to stand up in front of dolphin lovers and proclaim what they can learn from Elephant herders
19:33  * Hydroxide is equally likely to be able to do 1800 UTC and 1900 UTC, and is therefore indifferent
19:33 < bdale> let's leave it 19:00 for next month, then?
19:33 < Ganneff> not 1800, thats bad
19:34 < bdale> I can do either, but 19:00 is better than 18:00 for me
19:34  * Maulkin suggests 19:00UTC
19:34 < luk> Ganneff: that would be the same as now?
19:34 < zobel> 1800 is bad for me as well.
19:34 < Ganneff> luk: yes. bad.
19:34 < luk> ok, why not 20 UTC then?
19:34 < bdale> 20:00 would work for me
19:34 < Maulkin> A little late for me.
19:35 < Ganneff> how about staying with what we have. 19utc?
19:35 < Maulkin> But can do if needed.
19:35 < Maulkin> 19:00 UTC :)
19:35 < bdale> ok, let's leave it 19:00 ... if someone really wants a change, bring it up on the board mailing list.
19:35 < luk> Ganneff: because it's bad :-)
19:35 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.  Enjoy the holidays!
19:35 < bdale> *GAVEL*
