15:01 < bdale> *GAVEL*
15:01 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
15:01 < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2008/2008-12-17.html
15:01 < Hydroxide> bbiab therefore. my report is in the agenda.
15:01 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
15:01 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
15:01 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Hydroxide if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
15:01 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
15:01 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
15:01 < bdale> I believe we have some regrets recorded... hope we make quorum.
15:02  * schultmc can be here if needed
15:02  * cdlu is here
15:02 < cdlu> David Graham
15:03 < cdlu> not encouraging
15:03 < Ganneff> luk_, zobel: ping
15:03 < luk_> Luk Claes
15:04 < bdale> I believe quorum is 6, so we're still short
15:04 < Ganneff> ay
15:04 < schultmc> linuxpoet was around earlier
15:04 < Ganneff> give them 5 more mins, then drop out for this time?
15:04 < schultmc> if we get a 5th I can be 6
15:04 < cdlu> and then defer until after the holidays... I think even this might be too close for people
15:04 < bdale> I'd suggest we wait until :15 to give up
15:04  * cdlu agrees
15:04  * luk_ too
15:05 < bdale> if any of you have contact info for others not present, feel free to use it to poke them
15:05 < zobel> re
15:05 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
15:05 < cdlu> 5
15:05 < xzilla> i can call linuxpoet if yall want
15:05 < zobel> sorry for being late
15:05 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
15:05 < cdlu> quorum
15:05 < bdale> ok, thanks, that's 6
15:06 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
15:06 < bdale> None.
15:06 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
15:06 < bdale> Michael?
15:06 < schultmc> a treasurer's report covering November 2008 was mailed out on Monday
15:06 < schultmc> there's been some suggestions for improvements that I'm considering
15:06 < schultmc> </done>
15:07 < cdlu> it's attached to the agenda if anyone's looking for it
15:07 < bdale> yep, thanks
15:07 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
15:07 < bdale> Jimmy?
15:07 < bdale> I think he stepped away?
15:07 < Ganneff> in case he is away
15:07 < Ganneff> he has something in the agenda, lets paste
15:07 < cdlu> he is away and did not register his attendance
15:08 < Ganneff> I am in the process of arranging an online meeting for this upcoming weekend (Dec 20th or 21st)
15:08 < Ganneff> including SPI site administrator Joerg Jaspert, website volunteer MJ Ray, and me to discuss plans
15:08 < Ganneff> for moving forward with the website overhaul. There should be more news on this front in time for
15:08 < Ganneff> the January secretary's report.
15:08 < bdale> Ganneff: thanks.  anything to add about progress on the meeting?
15:08 < Ganneff> thats the most important part and should be mentioned, i think :)
15:08 < Ganneff> nothing yet, no.
15:08 < bdale> ok
15:08 < bdale> if Jimmy comes back and wants to add something, we'll handle it then
15:08 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
15:08 < bdale> hrm
15:09 < bdale> it appears we have a couple ready for vote
15:09 < bdale> can I have a volunteer to run the voting process in Jimmy's absence?
15:09 < Ganneff> oi.
15:09 < Ganneff> sec
15:09 < Ganneff> lets see if i can still run my own vote script
15:09 < Ganneff> give me a minute
15:09 < cdlu> heh
15:10 < cdlu> bdale, I'll need to vote separately on the two sets fyi
15:10 < bdale> no worries, I intend to call a vote per
15:10 < cdlu> ok
15:11 < cdlu> hydroxide, when you see this in backlog, I want to point out that I introduced the appendix on board membership to the minutes for the purpose of always having a running record of when board members would be up for re-election. It's a neat piece of information to have when we first joined, but an 'up for election on (date)' field would be good, too.
15:12  * bdale whistles to himself and taps his fingers...
15:13 < Ganneff> hrm. bah. obviously i cant. meh. lets do it manually.
15:13 < bdale> ok
15:13  * cdlu moves the appropriate motion
15:13 < cdlu> first set of minutes moved
15:13 < bdale> I hope everyone took advantage of that time to read anything they hadn't already read!
15:13 < bdale> that would be Oct 15 2008, right?
15:13 < Ganneff> October 15th, 2008 then.
15:13 < bdale> seconded, let's vote
15:13 < cdlu> yes
15:14 < cdlu> vote: yes
15:14 < schultmc> !vote yes
15:14 < Ganneff> !vote abstain
15:14 < cdlu> oh right
15:14 < cdlu> !vote yes
15:14 < bdale> !vote: yes
15:14 < zobel> !vote yes
15:14 < cdlu> 4 yes 1 abstain 1 missing
15:14 < bdale> who didn't vote?
15:14 < bdale> luk
15:14 < luk_> !vote yes
15:14 < bdale> thanks
15:14 < Ganneff> yay.
15:14 < Ganneff> November 19th, 2008 then
15:14 < cdlu> oct 15 yes: 5, no: 0, abstain: 1. passes
15:14  * cdlu seconds nov 19
15:15 < bdale> moved and seconded, let's vote
15:15 < slef> Voting for "Approve minutes for October 15th, 2008" closed: yes 5, no 0, abstain 1
15:15 < cdlu> !vote abstain
15:15 < schultmc> !vote yes
15:15 < bdale> !vote yes
15:15 < zobel> !vote yes
15:15 < Ganneff> !vote yes
15:15 < luk_> !vote yes
15:15 < cdlu> yes: 5, no: 0, abstain: 1. passes
15:15 < slef> Voting for "Approve minutes for November 19th, 2008" closed: yes 5, no 0, abstain 1
15:15 < bdale> cool, thanks all
15:15 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
15:15 < bdale> [item 7.1, Resolution 2008.12.17.bg.1 - Privoxy as associated project]
15:16 < bdale> My apologies to the board for being late getting the text to our secretary.  If any
15:16 < bdale> board member present today objects to voting on this resolution today, we will wait
15:16 < bdale> until our next meeting.  However, this was discussed on the lists and got unanimous
15:16 < bdale> support, and mentioned in my report at our last meeting, so if everyone is willing 
15:16 < bdale> to vote on it today I'd like to proceed.  Any objections?
15:16 < Ganneff> none from me.
15:16 < zobel> none from me either
15:17 < bdale> any further discussion, or would someone like to move we vote on it?
15:17 < luk_> where can I find a member list or something similar?
15:17 < Ganneff> lets vote
15:17 < bdale> luk_: of what?
15:17 < luk_> of Privoxy
15:17 < cdlu> bdale, I did not see their request to join that I can recall
15:18 < cdlu> oh, there it is, back in august
15:18 < cdlu> before the election, my tape ran out
15:18 < bdale> cdlu: right, this has been going on a while
15:18 < bdale> my fault, actually
15:18 < luk_> is someone from privoxy in the channel btw?
15:18 < cdlu> ya, I can vote on it
15:18 < bdale> luk_: I think the three folks listed in the resolution are the three primary commiters
15:18 < zobel> it might happen, that i will be unresponsive the next 3min. pia crawling through the flat and me being alon with ghere ATM.
15:19 < bdale> luk_: privoxy.org is the web site for the project, I believe
15:19 < luk_> ah, apparently http://www.privoxy.org/user-manual/copyright.html has a list of the current privoxy team
15:20 < bdale> any surprises?
15:20 < luk_> I didn't know RoRo was involved :-)
15:20  * cdlu doesn't know any of them, but that's not a surprise :)
15:20 < zobel> RoRo
15:21 < bdale> ok, we have a motion from Ganneff to vote... second?
15:21 < cdlu> seconded
15:21 < bdale> ok, let's vote then
15:21 < cdlu> !vote yes
15:21 < Ganneff> !vote yes
15:21 < bdale> !vote yes
15:21 < luk_> !vote yes
15:21 < schultmc> !vote yes
15:21 < zobel> !vote yes
15:21 < cdlu> privoxy: yes: 6, no: 0, abstain: 0, missing: 0
15:21 < bdale> great, thanks all!
15:22 < zobel> brb
15:22 < bdale> I'll sync with Hydroxide regarding which one of us should send them the invitation letter
15:22 < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
15:22 < zobel> bdale: seen my query?
15:22 < Ganneff> just the short notice that SPI now owns the madwifi domains
15:22  * schultmc has something
15:22 < cdlu> as of Monday I'm no longer with Sourceforge, so if anyone needs me to work for them, I'm available. :)
15:22 < cdlu> other than that, no
15:22 < Ganneff> today all got transferred to us
15:23 < bdale> zobel: yes.  I don't think it matters who prepares the minutes.
15:23 < bdale> Ganneff: ok, thanks
15:23 < zobel> bdale: okay, then i will try to work on them during the XMAS holidays for the next meeting.
15:23 < bdale> zobel: that would be great
15:23 < bdale> for everyone else, zobel is offering to help catch us up on the un-voted minutes
15:24 < cdlu> cool, thanks zobel
15:24 < Ganneff> the maulkin ones. great
15:24 < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
15:24 < bdale> I believe our default would be Wednesday 21st January, 2009 - 20:00 UTC?
15:24  * cdlu thinks secretaries should be banned from serving more than one year
15:24 < bdale> that will be while I am in Australia for LCA
15:24 < cdlu> since many secretaries have done great first year, and totally lost it after
15:24 < schultmc> bdale: I had one thing to note
15:24 < bdale> schultmc: ok
15:24  * schultmc was waiting to be called on
15:24 < schultmc> Tux4Kids has expressed interest in obtaining some trademarks
15:24  * cdlu cannot assure his attendance at US-eastern business hour meetings any further, depends on what new work I find.
15:25 < bdale> schultmc: sorry, I just missed it
15:25 < bdale> cdlu: noted
15:25 < schultmc> I (or someone else) needs to discuss this with our lawyers and keep the Tux4Kids representative up to date with the status
15:25 < bdale> schultmc: right, saw those emails
15:25 < bdale> schultmc: if you're willing to take the lead on that, great, if not, say so and we'll see if someone else is
15:26 < schultmc> I'm willing to take the lead
15:26 < Ganneff> hf
15:26 < bdale> ok, cool.  let us know how it goes.
15:26 < schultmc> will do
15:26 < bdale> any other quick items before we get back to the next meeting date/time?
15:26 < bdale> ok
15:27 < bdale> I think I'm ok with the next date despite the fact that I'll be in Hobart for LCA then.  anyone else have serious objections?
15:27 < Ganneff> other than what i had for today, no.
15:27 < bdale> ok, then let's go with that date and time
15:28 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
15:28 < bdale> *GAVEL*
