20:04 < Maulkin> *GAVEL*
20:04 < Maulkin> [item 1, Opening]
20:04 < Maulkin> Welcome to Software in the Public Interest Annualmeeting, which is now called to order. Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2008/2008-07-02.html
20:04 < Maulkin> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:04 < Maulkin> Board members, please state your name for the record. Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:04 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: we really need those email announcements...
20:04 -!- Irssi: #spi: Total of 28 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 28 normal]
20:04 < cdlu> David Graham
20:04 < luk__> Luk Claes
20:04 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:05 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: don't forget yourself...
20:05 < Maulkin> cdlu Ganneff Hydroxide Maulkin schultmc bdale linuxpoet luk__ zobel
20:05 < Maulkin> Neil McGovernm
20:05 < Maulkin> -m
20:06 < Hydroxide> anyone have phone numbers for the absent board members?
20:06 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:06 < schultmc> sorry
20:06 < Hydroxide> one more...
20:07 < Hydroxide> (hi schultmc)
20:07 < Maulkin> Unfortunately, I only have UK ones for the Germans.
20:07 < Hydroxide> cdlu: you have some contact info for bdale right?
20:07 < Hydroxide> back from when you were secretary?
20:07 < luk__> Maulkin: db.d.o might help?
20:07 < cdlu> Hydroxide, I don't
20:07 < Hydroxide> ah...
20:07  * cdlu also does not have access to db.d.o
20:08 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: does.
20:08 < Hydroxide> err, minus colon
20:09  * Maulkin tries to work db.d.o
20:09 < Maulkin> Who wants to call bdale? :)
20:09 < Maulkin> (US person I guess)
20:09  * schultmc can call
20:10 < Maulkin> I'll give it until 20:15 or so if no response, and postpone.
20:10 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: did you find bdale's number?
20:10  * schultmc left a message
20:11 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: yes, sent to schultmc 
20:11 < Hydroxide> ok cool
20:11 < luk__> Ganneff is probably recovering from his surgery and zobel might be recovering from the wedding he attended and the move of a datacenter...
20:11  * Maulkin nods
20:11 < Hydroxide> whoever ends up as secretary for the '08-'09 board term, PLEASE remember to do announcements.
20:11 < Maulkin> Well, won't be me.
20:11  * schultmc votes for Hydroxide ;)
20:11 < Maulkin> ditto :)
20:12 < Maulkin> Or cdlu 
20:12 < cdlu> I did my two years
20:12 < cdlu> any more and I have to do it federally.
20:12 < Hydroxide> I'll consider it, assuming I get on the board.
20:12 < Maulkin> Yay, not me.
20:13 < schultmc> Hydroxide: aren't you serving out jberkus' term?
20:13 < Hydroxide> note "consider" != "commit to"
20:13 -!- Sledge [steve@lump.einval.com] has joined #spi
20:13 < Hydroxide> schultmc: as an interim board member. I'm running for election to a full term this election cycle
20:13  * Maulkin wonders if we could resove that someone can't be secreatry for two years.
20:13 < schultmc> Hydroxide: ah
20:13 < Maulkin> 2 mins
20:13 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: haven't you already been?
20:13 < cdlu> schultmc, interim terms end at the next election
20:13 < luk__> Maulkin: no, as someone might be insane enough to cope :-)
20:13 < cdlu> Maulkin, I agree
20:13 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: yes. And the second one didn't go so well... :)
20:14 < cdlu> you and I both did well first year, badly second ear
20:14 < cdlu> year
20:14 < cdlu> secretary should be a rotation position among board members
20:14 < Maulkin> Could be, yes.
20:14 < Maulkin> One min
20:14 < Hydroxide> what happens to election timing?
20:14 < Hydroxide> I imagine it should still be announced via email anyway
20:14 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: Email will get sent, basically.
20:14 < Hydroxide> independent of the meeting
20:14 < cdlu> nominations are theoretically open :)
20:15 < Hydroxide> ok
20:15 < Maulkin> (ie: same as last year)
20:15 < cdlu> straw poll: should I seek re-election?
20:15 -!- zobel [zobel@zobel.netrep.oftc.net] has joined #spi
20:15 < Maulkin> cdlu: Ack.
20:15 < zobel> re
20:15 < Hydroxide> cdlu: yes, if you're willing
20:15 < cdlu> zobek, quorum!
20:15 < zobel> sorry for being late
20:15 < Hydroxide> zobel: say your name - we were about to close the meeting
20:15 < Maulkin> Quorum!
20:15 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:15 < Hydroxide> wow.
20:15 < cdlu> talk about cutting it close.
20:15 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
20:15 < Maulkin> [item 3, President's Report]
20:15 < cdlu> 7!
20:15 < Maulkin> Yay! Ganneff: take over :)
20:15 < Ganneff> Maulkin: no.
20:16 < Maulkin> Aww, ok
20:16 < cdlu> Maulkin, did you /msg bdale and linuxpoet?
20:16 < luk__> there is no president, move on :-)
20:16 < Maulkin> 20:16 -!- There is no such nick bdale
20:16 < cdlu> there is a linuxpoet
20:16 < luk__> cdlu: I messaged linuxpoet
20:16 < cdlu> ok
20:16 < Hydroxide> I messaged linuxpoet on Freenode even (and Ganneff here)
20:16 < luk__> Maulkin: next topic
20:16 < Maulkin> Nothing from bdale received, so we'll skip this one.
20:16 < Hydroxide> (hi Ganneff)
20:16 < Maulkin> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:17 < Maulkin> Michael?
20:17 < schultmc> no official report at this time.  PaySimple is setup and active - projects have been notified of its availability
20:17 < schultmc> I should have a balance sheet available as soon as the credit card donations have been input
20:17 < Hydroxide> schultmc: ETA until official report? and are you planning to continue as treasurer?
20:18 < schultmc> ETA ASAP (1-2 weeks I imagine)
20:18 < Hydroxide> (just mentioning that second question because of the elections, not because of the lack of report)
20:18 < schultmc> I'll continue as treasurer unless someone else volunteers
20:18 < Hydroxide> ok
20:18 < luk__> great
20:18  * schultmc hears the crickets chirp
20:18 < Maulkin> (say when done by the way :P)
20:18 < Hydroxide> schultmc: that would be at our first post-election meeting, anyway
20:18 < schultmc> </done>
20:19 < Maulkin> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:19 < Maulkin> Nothing received.
20:19 < luk__> done
20:19 < Maulkin> Election info will be covered in the next section
20:19 < Maulkin> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:19 < Maulkin> One set this month.
20:19 < Maulkin> February 27th, 2008
20:19 < Maulkin> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/meeting-minutes/2008/board-meeting-february-27th-2008.html
20:19  * Hydroxide notes with amusement that the agenda on the website has a spurious Spanish Trademark Report item
20:20 < Maulkin> Does it? Dammit.
20:20 < schultmc> and berkus is listed as treasurer
20:20 < Hydroxide> well, was he back in February?
20:20 < Maulkin> Can you guess what I based it on?
20:20 < Hydroxide> wait, no he isn't listed as treasurer
20:20 < Hydroxide> oh, today? gotcha
20:21 < schultmc> he is on today's agenda
20:21 < Maulkin> Anyway, /me moves to approve
20:21 < Hydroxide> right, I figured it out
20:21  * schultmc seconds
20:21 < Hydroxide> give me five seconds to read it
20:21 < Hydroxide> seems fine
20:22 < Maulkin> Voting started, 6 people (cdlu,luk__,hydroxide,maulkin.schultmc,zobel,ganneff) allowed to vote on Approve February 27th, 2008 minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:22 < luk__> !vote yes
20:22 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:22 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:22 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:22 < Ganneff> !vote yes
20:22 < luk__> cdlu: ?
20:22 < zobel> !vote yes
20:23 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:23 < cdlu> sorry
20:23 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve February 27th, 2008 minutes": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( maulkin.schultmc )
20:23 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve February 27th, 2008 minutes" closed.
20:23 < Maulkin> err... ok
20:23 < luk__> Maulkin: you have to learn to count
20:23 < Maulkin> +2
20:23 < luk__> there are 7 people
20:23 < schultmc> maulkin.schultmc is invalid
20:23 < schultmc> fix that and you get the 7
20:24 < Maulkin> For the more observant, we don't have a spanish trademark report anymore
20:24 < Maulkin> So now, [SPI Board Elections]
20:24 < Hydroxide> yes, I was aware of that. just amused :)
20:24 < Maulkin> Two people are up for election by constitution/resolution
20:24 < Maulkin> cdlu and Hydroxide 
20:25 < cdlu> Hydroxide, it seems to me we've been on the same ballot together many times.
20:25 < Hydroxide> I plan to email in my nomination for (re)election once they've been announced
20:25 < Hydroxide> cdlu: true.
20:25 < Maulkin> Anyone else had enough and want to get off? :)
20:25 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: maybe mention all the relevant dates of the election?
20:25 < Hydroxide> (for the record)
20:26 < Maulkin> A mail will be sent out shortly with all info in.
20:26 < Hydroxide> ok.
20:26 < Maulkin> Ganneff: any idea when the machines will be unlocked?
20:26 < luk__> great
20:26 < Maulkin> (this is a blocker...)
20:26 < Ganneff> Maulkin: asap. (yes, i know i say that for a few days already :( ). i think this week should work out this time.
20:27 < Maulkin> Ganneff: within 2 weeks?
20:27 < Ganneff> yes
20:27 < Maulkin> Cool.
20:27 < Maulkin> In that case, dates will be per: http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004-08-10-dbg.2
20:28 < Maulkin> So, good luck all :)
20:28 < Maulkin> [ AOB ]
20:28 < Hydroxide> one item
20:28 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: you have the floor
20:28 < Hydroxide> Ganneff: did the surgery go well?
20:29  * Hydroxide moves that we wish Ganneff well with his recovery
20:29  * Maulkin seconds
20:29  * luk__ seconds
20:29  * zobel seconds
20:29  * Maulkin holds a vote by acclimation. Any objectors?
20:29 < Ganneff> yes, just the pain afterwards is worse than expected. and thanks.
20:29 < Maulkin> So moved.
20:29 < Maulkin> Right, next meeting.
20:30 < Maulkin> As a standard, this will be    9. Wednesday 16th July, 2008
20:30 < Maulkin> However...
20:30 < Maulkin> I suggest a special meeting after the election
20:30 < luk__> maybe we can make it dependent on if there are more candidates than seats or not?
20:30 < cdlu> Maulkin, that would be the convention
20:31 < Maulkin> Well, we can.
20:31 < Maulkin> And that would make sense
20:31 < Hydroxide> one problem with the wednesday after the election - it's my birthday
20:31 < Maulkin> Thus, the next meeting is hereby announced as being Wednesday 16th July, 2008, 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.oftc.net.
20:31 < Hydroxide> (jul 30)
20:31 < Maulkin> This may move if we're in an election.
20:31 < zobel> Hydroxide: so we party after the meeting :)
20:32 < Maulkin> I'll mail out details.
20:32 < Hydroxide> zobel: ok, that could work too, if I don't have a scheduling conflict :)
20:32  * cdlu prepares a resolution for the secretary role
20:32  * Maulkin nods
20:32 < cdlu> for next meeting
20:32 < Maulkin> Now, one othe rthing I'd like the board to consider:
20:32 < cdlu> Jul 30 works for me, so does Jul 16
20:32  * cdlu not picky
20:32 < Maulkin> Do we still require monthly meetings?
20:32 < cdlu> Maulkin, the by-laws only require quarterly meetings
20:33 < Maulkin> It's not something I'm going to push now, but something to think about.
20:33 < Maulkin> cdlu: ack
20:33 < Ganneff> bi-monthly would work too
20:33 < Hydroxide> it's easier to remember monthly
20:33 < Ganneff> yes
20:33 < cdlu> Maulkin, if we create effective subcommittees, then meeting quarterly would make sense
20:33 < cdlu> I believe that was the intent of the by-laws.
20:33 < Maulkin> The by-lays has intent?!
20:33 < Maulkin> *laws
20:33 < Maulkin> Anyway, *gavel*
