15:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
15:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public 
               Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to 
               order.
15:00 < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found 
               on the web at:
               http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2008/2008-11-19.html
15:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
15:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we 
               have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
15:00 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to 
               Hydroxide if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the 
               minutes of this meeting.
15:00 < bdale> Jimmy, any regrets recorded?  I received a private message on 
               IRC from Neil that he might be in transit at this time.
15:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
15:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
15:00  * zobel Martin Zobel-Helas
15:00 < linuxpoet> Joshua Drake
15:00 < Hydroxide> no other regrets recorded
15:00 < luk_> Luk Claes
15:00 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
15:00 < Hydroxide> bdale: pre-meeting? (re Neil's message)
15:00 < Hydroxide> we already have quorum.
15:01 < bdale> Hydroxide: I'm not sure when, it was in a /query window I found 
               on return from a trip into town a couple hours ago
15:01 < bdale> so definitely pre-meeting
15:01 < bdale> ok, we have quorum
15:01 < bdale> who are we missing?
15:01 -!- jello [~joe@dot.nahmias.net] has joined #spi
15:01 < Hydroxide> Neil McGovern, David Graham, and ...?
15:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
15:01 < schultmc> sorry
15:01 < bdale> ah, thanks
15:01 < Hydroxide> him. right :)
15:01 < bdale> ok
15:02 < bdale> cdlu: ?
15:02 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: ping in case you're there
15:02 < bdale> since we have quorum, let's proceed.  hopefully they will join in.
15:02 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
15:02 < bdale> Privoxy is interested in becoming an associated project, and I am working with them on a resolution.  Hope to have it for next month's meeting.
15:02 < bdale> Noting the long-standing $20 GNOME balance in our financial statement, I emailed the GNOME Foundation executive director earlier today suggesting
15:02 < bdale> we transfer the funds to them.
15:02 < bdale> An author working on a document relating to Debian installation has approached SPI for advice on licensing his article and about the possibility
15:02 < bdale> of transfering copyright in the article to us.  I plan to follow up with him later today.
15:02 < bdale> Any questions or comments?
15:03  * Hydroxide has no objection to any of that.
15:03 < linuxpoet> I am good
15:03 < Ganneff> none
15:03 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
15:03 < bdale> Michael?                                 
15:04 < schultmc> I sent out a balance sheet a few minutes ago and a copy of it appears in the agenda.
15:04 < bdale> yep, I saw it
15:04 < schultmc> I was unable to get an income statement prepared before this meeting but will have it completed by Saturday, 2008-11-22.
15:04 < bdale> ok, thanks
15:04 < schultmc> SPI's 2007 Form 990 (tax form) was filed last week
15:04  * Hydroxide cheers
15:04 < bdale> good
15:04 < schultmc> that's all I have unless there's any questions or comments
15:04 < Ganneff> formn 990?
15:05 < jello> what is/was the deadline for the 990?
15:05 < Ganneff> ah. tax. /me should parsesentences full
15:05 < Hydroxide> schultmc: slight mistake on the 2006 one - it said I was treasurer, which wasn't true at the end of 2006 IIRC
15:05 < bdale> schultmc: thanks for the report.  will look forward to the full income statement this weekend.
15:06 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
15:06 < bdale> Jimmy?
15:06 < luk_> 21:05 <jello> what is/was the deadline for the 990?
15:06 < Hydroxide> just as per the agenda, volunteers are still needed for the website. I got one offer from slef (MJ Ray) shortly before the meeting today, which is appreciated.
15:06 < bdale> luk_: sorry, I missed that... schultmc, what was the 990 deadline?
15:07 < Hydroxide> see the agenda about what I'm looking for and how to put yourself forward. This will go out to an SPI mailing list in the near future.
15:07 < schultmc> jello: november 15, 2008
15:07 < jello> schultmc: great.  thanks!
15:07 < bdale> Hydroxide: ok.  I encourage anyone here who has time to volunteer to help, I've stumbled myself in the last week over a couple of things that are out of date...
15:07 < bdale> Hydroxide: anything else?
15:07 < Hydroxide> that's it.
15:07 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
15:08 < bdale> Jimmy, it appears we have at least one ready for vote today?
15:08 < Hydroxide> yes, we do.
15:08 < Hydroxide> (one)
15:08 < Hydroxide> last meeting's.
15:08 < bdale> I hope everyone has looked them over... any comments?
15:08 < luk_> it's long :-)
15:09 < bdale> included texts
15:09  * bdale is ready to vote
15:09 < luk_> looks pretty nice on the website btw
15:09  * Ganneff will abstain to vote, but please vote on it.
15:09 < Hydroxide> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,luk_,hydroxide,zobel,schultmc,ganneff,linuxpoet ) allowed to vote on Approve the October 15th, 2008 minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
15:10 < schultmc> !vote yes
15:10 < Ganneff> !vote abstain
15:10 < bdale> !vote yes
15:10 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
15:10 < zobel> !vote yes
15:10 < linuxpoet> !vote yes
15:10 < luk_> !vote yes
15:10 < Hydroxide> Current voting results for "Approve the October 15th, 2008 minutes": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( linuxpoet  )
15:10 < Hydroxide> Voting for "Approve the October 15th, 2008 minutes" closed.
15:10 < Hydroxide> oops
15:10 < linuxpoet> what
15:10 < Hydroxide> someone didn't vote
15:10 < bdale> he did too
15:10 < Hydroxide> heh, I miscounted then
15:10 < bdale> is there a trailing space?
15:10 < Hydroxide> ok :)
15:11 < Hydroxide> oh, yeah there is a trailing space, I think...
15:11 < Ganneff> you had linuxpoet with a space in your vote start.
15:11 < bdale> in any case, passes, minutes approved
15:11 < Ganneff> so it wasnt able to count it.
15:11 < Ganneff> dumb little script i wrote :)
15:11 < linuxpoet> sounds like a bug :P
15:11 < linuxpoet> btrim()
15:11 < Hydroxide> let's go on. anyone who I missed can let me know their vote in-chan or in /msg before the end of the meeting.
15:11 < Ganneff> linuxpoet: tssk.
15:11 < bdale> Hydroxide: it's in the log, linuxpoet voted yes, so it's 6 yes 1 abstain
15:11 < Hydroxide> ok
15:12 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
15:12 < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
15:12 < linuxpoet> I do real quick
15:12 < bdale> linuxpoet: go
15:12 < linuxpoet> As you guys know I do PgUS work too, part of that is talking to EDU
15:12 < linuxpoet> Well at the last talk it became readily apparent that SPI has some strong educating efforts to be done too
15:13 < Ganneff> edu?
15:13 < linuxpoet> So if anyone has EDU contacts, I am trying to compile a list so we can get some speakers out
15:13 < linuxpoet> Education
15:13 < bdale> linuxpoet: sounds like a good item for the -general mail list if you haven't gone there with this already
15:13 < linuxpoet> haven't yet but plan to yes
15:13 < bdale> ok, cool
15:13 < bdale> anything else?
15:14 < linuxpoet> nope I am good
15:14 < bdale> anyone else?
15:14  * Hydroxide is set
15:14 < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
15:14 < bdale> I believe our default would be Wednesday 17th December, 2008 - 20:00 UTC?
15:14 < bdale> Anyone have strong objections?
15:14 < linuxpoet> checking
15:14 < zobel> waht will we do about the missing board meeting minutes.?
15:14 < Hydroxide> it's fine for me.
15:14 < Ganneff> should work
15:14 < luk_> ok
15:14 < Hydroxide> zobel: Neil needs to either do them or ask me to find free time to do them, or get volunteers himself, or something.
15:14 < bdale> zobel: I hope they're all ready for vote next month
15:14 < zobel> will work for me too.
15:15 < schultmc> works for me as well
15:15 < linuxpoet> yeah I can do that
15:15 < bdale> ok, good
15:15 < Hydroxide> great
15:15 < luk_> I would welcome an earlier reminder btw
15:15 < bdale> agreed
15:15  * schultmc also
15:15 < Hydroxide> schultmc, luk_: yes, it was later than intended
15:15 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
15:15 < bdale> *GAVEL*
