[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2006-12-19

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of December 19th,
2006, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Apologies received from Martin "Joey" Schulze and Bdale Garbee
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   2. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   3. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
   4. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   5. [November 21st, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-11-21/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Further on Debian trademark in Spain? (Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1)
   2. Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative domain
   3. Outstanding items requesting comment from the DPL - see discussion
7. Next board meeting - Tuesday, January 16th, 2007

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Current Status:

LedgerSMB 1.2 has been set up on the new treasurer server.  However, I still
need to set it up for the new chart of accounts (which requires writing some
new stored procedures) and enter some sample transactions so that other
people can help me get caught up for 2006.  Unfortunately, the holidays,
conference travel, and re-organization frenzy at Sun (I have a new boss) have
prevented me from completing this.

Raw figures from the month of November are:

$150 in expenses (PostgreSQL)

No deposits were made in November.  This indicates that there is still an
obstacle to getting deposits made in timely fashion, as we certainly received
donations in November.  I hereby request that the assistant Treasurer make
recommendations on how practically we can get all donations deposited on at
least a bi-weekly (if not a weekly) basis.
</pre>

### Discussion appendix

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen &lt;jgoerzen@complete.org&gt;
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns &lt;aj@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek &lt;vorlon@debian.org&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>


### Resolutions

<pre>
2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative domain

Whereas

1. the Open Source Initiative is not part of SPI;

2. SPI still holds the Open Source Initiative's domain, "opensource.org" and
"opensource.net" which are used by the Open Source Initiative.
The SPI Board Resolves That control of the domains "opensource.org" and
"opensource.net" shall be transferred to the Open Source Initiative at the
earliest opportunity.
</pre>

