[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2006-03-21

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of March 21st, 2006, to be
held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [AGM: July 1st, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-01/)
   2. [July 26th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-26/)
   3. [August 16th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-08-16/)
   4. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   5. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   6. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Tax filing and book keeping status - filing for 2006? (Jimmy)
   2. July annual meeting - elections and candidates
   3. Big expenditure? (Branden)
   4. Appendix items (Josh Berkus)
7. Next board meeting: Tuesday, April 18th, 2006 (John Goerzen)

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Software in the Public Interest Financial Data
==============================================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting,
recording donations when deposited (not when the check was
written or received by us) and recording expenses when sent
or scheduled for payment (not when incurred). Network for
Good processing fees are no longer listed, both to avoid
confusion and since they are already subtracted out from our
check before we ever receive it.

Profit/Loss December 1 2005 - December 31 2005

   Ordinary Income/Expense
      Income

      Total Income                                     0.00[1]

      Expense
        MIPS machine hard drives (Debian earmark)   (228.94)
        Debian trademark filing fee (Debian earmark)(300.00)
        Oldenburg summit travel (Debian earmark)  (2,308.40)
        Copying expenses (SPI earmark)                (0.68)[2]
      Total Expense                               (2,838.02)

   Net Ordinary Income                            (2,838.02)

   Net Income                                     (2,838.02)

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2005

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        First IB Checking
          Known Debian Earmark (non-DebConf5)      1,301.09
          Known DebConf5 Earmark                  13,258.30
          Known GNOME Earmark                         20.00
          Known GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
          Known Unrestricted Earmark                 574.86
          Earmark to be Determined                12,258.78
        Total First IB Checking                   27,422.73

        Ameriprise Financial Acct
          Earmark to be Determined                40,393.26
        Total Ameriprise Financial Acct           40,393.26

     Total Current Assets                         67,815.99

   TOTAL ASSETS                                   67,815.99

   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     Equity
        Retained Earnings                         70,654.01
        Net Income                                (2,838.02)
     Total Equity                                 67,815.99

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                     67,815.99

- Jimmy Kaplowitz, SPI Treasurer
treasurer@spi-inc.org

[1] Again, keep in mind that the lack of donations listed only means we did
not deposit any donations in December, not that we received none. Reread the
first paragraph of this report if this is unclear. Branden deposited these
donations in February, I've been told.

[2] Branden's BANK: mail about this said $0.64, but the online bank record
says $0.68.
</pre>

### Discussion appendix

<pre>
-- PostgreSQL Conference arrangements: some of the stuff that we need to do
for the conference requires SPI Board approval (such as insurance).  Need to
discuss and vote.

-- New methods for online donations and payments, per Jimmy.

-- New website for SPI?  I've noticed that SPI seems to have trouble keeping
the web site up to date.  I think that using a community website CMS, such as
Framewerk, Drupal, etc. would help with this enormously.  Depending on the
technology employed, the PostgreSQL project would be happy to install and
host something.
</pre>

