# 2006-11-21

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of November 21st,
2006, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Apologies received from Jimmy Kaplowitz
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   2. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   3. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
   4. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   5. [October 17th, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-10-17/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Further on Debian trademark in Spain? (Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1)
   2. Resolution 2006-11-21.jmb.1: Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project
   3. Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative domain
   4. Outstanding items requesting comment from the DPL - see discussion
7. Next board meeting - Tuesday, December 19th, 2006

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

## Accountants

I received a 2005 statement from Mark's.   Once I pay them their balance
(awaiting statement) and get a dump of their Quickbooks DB.  I expect that we
will owe them about $600.  However, I do not want to terminate our agreement
with Mark's until I'm sure I won't need their help for 2004 or earlier.

Rich &amp; Bander prepared our 2005 Form990, and are helping me with our vastly
overdue state registration (see below).  I am very pleased by their fast
turnaround on this.  We are paying them $650 for the Form990.

## Taxes

Our 2005 Form990 has been filed.   Please note that since SPI is now over
$100,000 annual income, we will be required to file a full Form990 in the
future every year.  Our Form990 is <i>sixteen pages</i>.  This, combined with
the necessity of filing a certified financial statement with the State of New
York every year from 2006 on means that we do not have the option of going
without a CPA again.

We are extremely (as in four years) overdue on registration with the State of
New York.   When we register next month, I expect to owe them several years of
back fees amounting to some $600 or so.   More daunting is the prospect that NY
might demand financial statements back to 2003 or earlier, which would be very
difficult for us to produce due to the poor quality of our records.

2006 tax situation will be dealt with when we are caught up on data entry for
financials (see below).  Note, again, that we are officially a "medium-sized
NPO" per the IRS now and our tax reporting requirements are going up
significantly.

## Statements -2005

Attached is a copy of our 2005 statement and P&amp;L from Mark's.  

My proposal is to assume that we broke even on SPI funds for 2005, since we do
not have good enough records to determine which expenses are SPI's and which
Debian's without extensive research.  This would make all accumulated funds
Debian's.


## Statements - 2006

I spent several hours with the LedgerSMB team and our CPA working out how to
properly record our income and expenses using LedgerSMB.  Joerg is installing
LedgerSMB 1.2 on the new treasurer server today.   Next week we will therefore
be able to start earnest data entry to bring all of the revenue and expenses
from 2006 up to date.

I did have a temp worker enter all revenue to early October 2006 into a
spreadsheet.  Note that SPI direct donations are only $1721, and would be
unlikely to exceed $2500 before the end of the year without a specific
campaign.   This will not make our SPI expense budget.  The 5%, if applied back
to 1/1/2006, would amount to $5999 through October, or a projected $7000 for
the year.   This would cover our accounting expenses handily.

Total Revenue through the first week of October, <i>non-reconciled</i>, is:

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><b><i>Gross</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>Transaction Fees</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>Net</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>SPI 5%</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>Project Allocation </i></b></td>
    <td align="justify"><b><i>Project</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr><td><i>77845.32</i></td><td align="right"> <i>405.29</i></td><td align="right"> <i>77440.03</i></td><td align="right"> <i>3922</i></td><td align="right"> <i>73518.03</i></td><td> <b><i>Debian</i></b></td></tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><i>45</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>2.14</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>42.86</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>2.14</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>40.72</i></td>
    <td align="left"><b><i>Gallery</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><i>1700</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>8.31</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>1691.69</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>84.58</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>1607.1</i></td>
    <td align="justify"><b><i>OVF</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><i>39013.05</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>932.63</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>38080.42</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>1904.02</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>36176.4</i></td>
    <td align="left"><b><i>PostgreSQL</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><i>1759</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>37.36</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>1721.64</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>86.08</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>1635.56</i></td>
    <td align="justify"><b><i>SPI General</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><i>$20.00</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>0.65</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>19.35</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>0.97</i></td>
    <td align="right"><i>18.38</i></td>
    <td align="justify"><b><i>TeXmacs</i></b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="right"><b><i>120382.37</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>1386.38</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>118995.99</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>5999.8</i></b></td>
    <td align="right"><b><i>112996.19</i></b></td>
    <td align="justify"><b><i>Grand Total</i></b></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

I do not have figures on expenses.  

Expect a full statement, both for 2006 and month-by-month, next month if we can
get all of the data entered.   Volunteers are appreciated.



### Discussion appendix

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen &lt;jgoerzen@complete.org&gt;
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns &lt;aj@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harrassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek &lt;vorlon@debian.org&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harrassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>

### Resolutions

<pre>
2006-11-21.jmb.1
Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project

Whereas

1. The OpenVAS project site, www.openvas.org is down and has been for 3 weeks;

2. Attempts to reach OpenVAS project members have failed;

3. SPI is not holding any assets for OpenVAS to our knowledge, nor have we
received any donations for OpenVAS for over a year;

The SPI Board Resolves That

OpenVAS is hereby removed as an Associated Project.
</pre>

<pre>
2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1Open Source Initiative domain

Whereas

1. the Open Source Initiative is not part of SPI;

2. SPI still holds the Open Source Initiative's domain, "opensource.org" and
"opensource.net" which are used by the Open Source Initiative.
The SPI Board Resolves That control of the domains "opensource.org" and
"opensource.net" shall be transferred to the Open Source Initiative at the
earliest opportunity.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
