# 2006-05-16

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of May 16th, 2006, to be held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [AGM: July 1st, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-01/)
   2. [July 26th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-26/)
   3. [August 16th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-08-16/)
   4. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   5. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   6. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
   7. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   8. [March 21st, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-03-21/)
   9. [April 18th, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-04-18/)
6. Items up for discussion:
    1. Further on Debian trademark in Spain?
    2. Tax filing and book keeping status? (Jimmy)
    3. Mark's bill: $610
    4. Anything further on Postgresql conference? (Josh Berkus)
    5. Website rebuild?
7. Next board meeting: Tuesday, June 20th, 2006 (John Goerzen)


### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Resolutions

<pre>
Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

WHEREAS

1. The Debian trademark in Spain is currently held by Jesus Martinez which
  has no assocation with either the Debian project or SPI Inc.

2. The SPI trademark commitee wants to register the Debian trademark EU-wide
  and any registration in an EU country will stall the process

3. Mr. Martinez has been contacted by the "Debian Spain" association and
  by Javier de la Cueva and has rejected to transfer the trademark over to
  SPI unless the following terms are met:
      * Deletion of all Internet web pages with prior references to
        Mr.  Martínez trademark appropriation.
      * Payment of 3,000 Euros as a fee for having made the defense of
        the trademark and the costs.
      * SPI letter granting him the rights to use perennialy the trademark
        "Debian".

4. The SPI Board considers the transfer term unacceptable.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

5. SPI will initiate legal actions against Mr. Martinez.

6. SPI will provide a notarized and apostilled Power of Attorney to
  the Spanish lawyer Javier de la Cueva, who will act in a Pro Bono basis,
  and will litigate on behalf of SPI.

7. SPI will provide certificates of the trademark registry and any other
  relevant documents to Javier de la Cueva needed to provide
  documentary evidences necessary to defend the case.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
