# 2006-10-17

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of October 17th, 2006,
to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Apologies received from Jimmy Kaplowitz, Bdale Garbee, David Graham, Branden Robinson
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [August 16th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-08-16/)
   2. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   3. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   4. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
   5. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   6. [September 19th, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-09-19/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Further on Debian trademark in Spain? (Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1)
   2. Engaging the services of Rich and Bander of New York (Resolution 2006-10-17.jmb.1)
   3. OFTC election results
   4. Results of email resolutions
   5. GPG keys  - request of admin@spi-inc.org
   6. Items requesting comment from the DPL - see discussion
7. Next board meeting - Tuesday, October 17th, 2006

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Status of Treasurer Work
----------------------------------------------------
I am currently focusing my main energy on two things:
1) Minimally completing 2005 revenue and expenses so that I can file our
2005 taxes, due 11/15.
2) Getting the raw data entered in preparation for having a true accounting
system.  Note that we had no previous data entry of expenses, meaning that
I will be entering this information from source material.  Additionally,
revenue was not entered in a way that makes it possible for me to
associate specific transaction fees with specific designations, so that's
being redone as well (fortunately, not from source material).

I estimate that I will be able to file 2005 taxes in two weeks, and that
straightening out the books will require another 1-2 months.   I am waiting
for the board to approve the contract with our new CPA  (Rich &amp; Bander of
NY), whose assistance is needed in setting up a new chart of accounts to
better track per-organization expenses (see board meeting agenda), so that
I can start using LedgerSMB for real accounting.

2005 Preliminary Balance Sheet
--------------------------------------------
From Mark's.  What this is missing is designations for revenue &amp; expenses.  
The revenue is easy; the expenses are hard.

                                        Dec 31, 05
ASSETS                                  
        Current Assets                          
                Checking/Savings                        
                        1000 · ALL BANK ACCOUNTS                
                                1002 · Amex Centurion 1296789   238.27
                                1003 · First Internet Bank 4169 27,422.73
                        Total 1000 · ALL BANK ACCOUNTS          27,661.00
                Total Checking/Savings                  27,661.00
                Other Current Assets                    
                        1204 · AMEX MONEY MARKET                
                                1201 · Cost     39,882.62
                                1200 · Amex Money Market funds &amp; cash   39,697.42
                                1203 · Accrued Dividend -24.70
                        Total 1204 · AMEX MONEY MARKET          79,555.34
                        1300 · Undeposited Funds                1,430.00
                Total Other Current Assets                      80,985.34
        Total Current Assets                            108,646.34
TOTAL ASSETS                                    108,646.34
LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                                    
        Equity                          
                3000 · Opening Bal Equity                       83,940.00
                3500 · Retained Earnings                        7,519.89
                Net Income                      17,186.45
        Total Equity                            108,646.34
TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                                      108,646.34


Recent Activity
------------------------------------------
Bank Statement for September:

Balance as of last statement 81,671.62
0 Deposits and other credits 0.00
0 Checks Posted 0.00
0 Returned Items Credited 0.00
8 Other Withdrawals 4,201.73
Balance as of this statement 77,469.89

Other Notes
------------------------------------------
Note that, between various accounts, SPI has nearly $70,000 in cash (90%
Debian Funds).  Denian should really think about ways to spend that money
which fulfill our mission, rather than just accumulating it.  Development?
Machines?  Maybe the oft-mentioned E&amp;O insurance?
</pre>

### Discussion appendix

<pre>
Since there's a new board, I thought it might be a reasonable time to
go back over some of the issues that Debian would appreciate SPI input on:

    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen &lt;jgoerzen@complete.org&gt;
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns &lt;aj@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harrassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek &lt;vorlon@debian.org&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harrassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)
None
    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?

    6) I think Debian would appreciate it if SPI would formally comment
       on the asset handling changes proposed on debian-vote, to ensure we
       can maintain a friendly and consultative relationship. (Even if the
       comment is just "yup, that's fine by us!" or whatever) See the threads
       related to:
           From: Manoj Srivastava &lt;srivasta@debian.org&gt;
           Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2006 20:12:54 -0500
           Subject: Constitutional Amendment GR: Handling assets for the project
           Message-id: &lt;87r70f92w9.fsf@glaurung.internal.golden-gryphon.com&gt;

           http://lists.debian.org/debian-vote/2006/07/msg00005.html
</pre>

### Resolutions

<pre>
Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

WHEREAS

1. The Debian trademark in Spain is currently held by Jesus Martinez which
  has no association with either the Debian project or SPI Inc.

2. The SPI trademark committee wants to register the Debian trademark EU-wide
  and any registration in an EU country will stall the process

3. Mr. Martinez has been contacted by the "Debian Spain" association and
  by Javier de la Cueva and has rejected to transfer the trademark over to
  SPI unless the following terms are met:
      * Deletion of all Internet web pages with prior references to
        Mr. Martínez trademark appropriation.
      * Payment of 3,000 Euros as a fee for having made the defense of
        the trademark and the costs.
      * SPI letter granting him the rights to use perennially the trademark
        "Debian".

4. The SPI Board considers the transfer term unacceptable.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

5. SPI will initiate legal actions against Mr. Martinez.

6. SPI will provide a notarized and apostilled Power of Attorney to
  the Spanish lawyer Javier de la Cueva, who will act in a Pro Bono basis,
  and will litigate on behalf of SPI.

7. SPI will provide certificates of the trademark registry and any other
  relevant documents to Javier de la Cueva needed to provide
  documentary evidences necessary to defend the case.
</pre>

<pre>
Resolution 2006-10-17.jmb.1: Engaging the services of Rich and Bander of New York

WHEREAS as an organization with a volunteer Treasurer we rely on our
bookkeepers for continuity and support should the Treasurer not have
adequate time for all aspects of SPI finance, or should there be a gap
between Treasurers, and for timely and accurate filing of tax forms
and advice on tax rule compliance.

It is hereby resolved that SPI Inc. retain Rich and Bander of New York
as the new SPI accountant and bookkeeper by signing the Letter of
Engagement attached, and retain them for the services outlined in the
letter of engagement, budgeting up to $6000USD per year for this
purpose.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
