[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 13, 2017

__Board members present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)

These are the minutes for the March 13th, 2017 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2017/2017-03-13-log.txt).


## President's Report

President's report, as added to the agenda:

We had a productive face-to-face meeting in New York a few weeks ago.
I'd like to thank everyone who attended for taking the time to attend
and participate.

We made a lot of progress in defining priorities and next steps.  I hope
we can keep the momentum going to implement what we discussed.

## Treasurer's report

1. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-01](../../../../treasurer/reports/201601/)
2. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-02](../../../../treasurer/reports/201602/)
3. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-03](../../../../treasurer/reports/201603/)
4. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-04](../../../../treasurer/reports/201604/)
5. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-05](../../../../treasurer/reports/201605/)
6. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-06](../../../../treasurer/reports/201606/)
7. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-07](../../../../treasurer/reports/201607/)
8. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-08](../../../../treasurer/reports/201608/)
9. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-09](../../../../treasurer/reports/201609/)
10. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-10](../../../../treasurer/reports/201610/)
11. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-11](../../../../treasurer/reports/201611/)
12. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-12](../../../../treasurer/reports/201612/)

Michael Schultheiss would like to thank Martin Zobel-Helas and Dimitri John Ledkov for their ongoing work streamlining the treasurer processes. Schultheiss has set up a New York City address and phone number and is presently updating our accounts to reflect the new address. Forwarding from the Indianapolis PO box will soon be set up as well.

The 2016 reports have been updated and republished. Year end accounts will be published soon. Martin Michlmayr is concerned that recent updates to the treasurer reports, due to ongoing work and bug fixing in the new treasurer processes, might go unnoticed or misunderstood. The treasurer teams acknowledges that all reports are a draft until the 2016 books are closed and will update the reports to reflect this.

## Secretary's report

(none)

## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th December 2016:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Review detailed plan for reimbursement streamlining

Luca Filipozzi will work on a plan for streamlining the reimbursement process in the coming weeks. Filipozzi asks the board whether SPI would like to commit to the RT workflow approach discussed at the February face-to-face meeting or further investigate using the BonitaSoft software. The board agrees to use RT. Filipozzi also asks Joerg Jaspert to reply to an email regarding system administration role as it will help him draft the streamlining plan. Filipozzi will also ask formal colleagues of UBC if they would be interest in part time work for SPI as part of the reimbursement streamlining process.

### Review plan for seeking external advice for 2017 financial

Martin Michlmayr will take lead on this project. Before seeking external advice he believes we should document our current workflow and policies more thoroughly. He will begin research on which policies are necessary.

### Resolution 2017-03-13.vy.1: Adopt Scottish STV for Board Elections

The boards agree this item should be voted on in the April board meeting to give ample time for member feedback. The board members themselves have no outstanding requests for changes to the resolution and acknowledge Ian Jackson for his quick work.

## Any other business

### Previous agenda item: Physical mailing address update

Luca Filipozzi states that the previous on-going discussion on physical mail and forwarding services was addressed and implemented at the February face-to-face meeting.

### Pending Domain Transfers

Martin Michlmayr ask Joerg Jaspert for the steps necessary to transfer a domain to SPI. Joerg enumerates: (1) get an authorization code and optionally zone data for the nameserver, (2) unlock the domain, (3) ensure the domain is valid for more than a month at the time of transfer. If the Joerg notes the board should ask our main registrar if they will sponsor the new domain name. If not, the board must initial the transfer financed by the member project.

### Pending Legal Questions

Martin Zobel-Helas asks the status of the remaining questions for Mishi gathered over the course of the face-to-face. Martin Michlmayr states he will send the emails this week.

### Pending Action Items from Face-To-Face

Luca Filipozzi asks if the face-to-face action items can be tracked until completed. Valerie Young will include them in up-coming meeting agendas.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, April 10th, 2017 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

