# Board Meeting, September 11th, 2017

These minutes are a draft and require approval from the board.

__Board members present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Tim Potter (tpot)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the minutes for the September 11th, 2017 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2017/2017-09-11-log.txt).


## President's Report

President's Report, as added to agenda:

I'm happy to report that I signed SPI up for Directors and Officers
liability insurance which has been a long-standing request.  We also
signed the legal agreement that X.Org requested.

## Treasurer's report

Martin Zobel-Helas reports August 2017 has been imported into ledger. Draft reports for 2017-01 through 2017-07 were filed immediately after the last board meeting in August. The PayPal API recently changed, and correspondingly, the PayPal importer needs adjustment. Andrew Tridgell and Tim Potter will look into it together. Michael Schultheiss states work must be done to transition SPI's PayPal accounts from Brian Gupta to SPI. Tridgell states he would like to get the PayPal data published to the liaisons soon.

Martin Michlmayr asks whether the 990 will be ready for review at the October F2F, and Michael Schultheiss responds that they should be.

On the subject of PayPal, Zobel-Helas asks the board for permission to give access to Debian's PayPal account to Tridgell. The board agrees to give permission, and Jimmy Kaplowitz notes the treasurer alone could provide such approval. On the subject of board permission for board access to accounts, Luca Filipozzi requests work done on the SPI Roles and Responsibilities document.

## Secretary's report

All Conflict of Interest Declarations are in except for Joerg Jaspert.

## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 14th August 2017:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table></tbody>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### General Liability Insurance

Michael Schultheiss reports: OpenZFS is hosting a conference in San Francisco next month. The contract with the venue states we must have general liability insurance that covers the venue in place by 2017-09-22. Schultheiss obtained some preliminary quotes and the expense should be roughly $350.
Previous discussions with the board seem to have consensus that a formal resolution isn't necessary for this expenditure, therefore this statement is primarily for notification purposes. The board approves. Michlmayr thanks Schultheiss for this work investigating OpenZFS's request.

### Administrative clerk contract

Luca Filipozzi sent a draft of the administrative clerk contract to Mishi in August. They have recently have discussed the contract, with Martin Michlmayr, over email. Filipozzi believes Mishi has enough information to form a final version of the contract. SPI needs the contract in place by Friday in order to process DebConf17 reimbursements within a reasonable time. Presently the oldest reimbursements requests are 30 days old. Michael Schultheiss remarks he will be able to process the reimbursements within a week if Sabrina preprocesses the requests to confirm proper payment information and receipts. Filipozzi believes Sabrina will need some guidance around international payment expectations but otherwise is very confident in her ability.

Michlmayr thanks Filipozzi for his work hiring Sabrina and helping her on board.

### IT transition

Luca Filipozzi believes Joerg Jaspert is necessary for this discussion. Michael Schultheiss remarks he has some infrastructure knowledge but Jaspert has the most up to date and comprehensive knowledge. Schultheiss will document what he knows and as Jaspert to the documentation.

### Any other business

Martin Michlmayr will look into hotels and book tomorrow, if any board member still needs a hotel booking, they should email him with details.

Jimmy Kaplowitz ask for confirmation that the US$5,000 of funds left over from DebConf17 he deposited in person into SPI's checking account were received. Michael Schultheiss confirms.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, November 13th, 2017 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016<br /></td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016<br /></td><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016<br /></td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017<br /></td><td>Tim Potter</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017<br /></td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2017 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
