[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2017 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 12th June, 2017

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
June 12th, 2017, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 8th May, 2017](../../../minutes/2017/2017-05-08)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Review progress of reimbursement streamlining
   2. External advice for 2017 financial audit
   3. Review of action items
   4. AGM and 2016 annual report
   5. Upcoming election
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: July 10, 2017, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
We have an election coming up in July.  I'd like to thank Jonathan
McDowell for his work on adding support for the single transferable vote
(STV) algorithm to our membership system.

We will also hold our Annual General Meeting (AGM) in July.  To that
end, I've been working on the 2016 annual report which is almost ready.

I am concerned about the low activity in the organization in the last
few weeks.  Dimitri John Ledkov, who has been working on the migration
to ledger-cli (with Michael Schultheiss and Martin Zobel-Helas), has
indicated that he'd step down from the board with the upcoming election
due to increased time commitment at work.  I've not devoted as much time
as I'd like to SPI recently and I feel the same applies to some other
board members.  I hope we can get the momentum going again.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* work with Martin Zobel-Helas on Infrastructure including
	* <s>ask DSA for permission to use older blades for SPI</s>
	* configure said blades for use by SPI (ganeti mini-cluster, RT)
	* buy bigger on-blade disks? (maybe zobel can do that)
* work with Martin Zobel-Helas, Valerie, Dimitri and Michael on Reimbursement Process
	* Dimitri, Michael and Martin to provide accounting structure (Projects; Chartfields)
	* Dimitri and Valerie to provide front-end web forms with injection to RT
	* Luca and Martin to provide RT configuration (queues, custom fields, workflow, etc.)
* <s>work with Valerie to prepare notes for this face-to-face</s>
* build a roles/responsibilities grid for officers and appointees (accounts, etc.)
* <s>ask tax lawyer about impact of contracting (to supplement SFLC answer)</s>
* discuss with former ECE colleagues whether they would like to provide services to SPI under contract

Martin Michlmayr

* <s>Send legal questions to Mishi</s>
* <s>Document procedure what to do when director positions change (banking)</s>
* Identify how we can get a professional opinion on our financial workflow and fiscal controls and policies (present plan at MAR meeting; present report at APR meeting)

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Finalize the monthly reports
* ask SIO to setup website with passwords for Project liaisons to access transaction data from ledger
* work with Luca Filipozzi on Infrastructure (see above)
* work with Luca, Valerie, Dimitri and Michael on Reimbursement Process
	* with Michael and Dimitri: accounting structure (Projects; Chartfields)
	* with Luca: infrastructure

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* <s>Send Mishi bylaws for her review and legal fixes</s>
* Send Mishi a summary, for her to write up documentation and a plan
of adoption:
	* what SPI's relationship with our projects is supposed to be,
	* what services we want them to have access to
	* particularly what legal counsel we want to offer them,
	* how we might want to handle defunct projects.

Michael Schultheiss

* <s>Sign up for travelingmailbox.com with NY address</s>
* Go to USPS and setup Premium Forwarding Service® for our PO Box to
the NY address
* Work with Luca, Valerie, Dimitri and zobel on reimbursement process
* Work with zobel and Dimitri on accounting structure
* Assist Luca and Zobel with RT transition
* Work with tbm and Valerie and Luca to adjust signers on accounts

Valerie Young

* <s>Mission on the website</s>
* <s>work with Luca to prepare notes for this face-to-face</s>
* work with Martin Zobel-Helas, Luca and Michael on Reimbursement Process, specifically:
	* work with Dimitri on development of the web-form and integrate it with RT
* write resolutions re: membership

Dimitri

* Year End processing and documentation
* Complete paypal importer
* Forms design (and/or implementation with RT or members website)
	* new project application
	* liaison re-appointments
	* activity pings (already in members website)
	* expense report
	* po / invoice generation
* work with Martin Zobel-Helas, Valerie, Luca and Michael on Reimbursement Process
	* with Martin and Michael, work on the accounting structure (Projects; Chartfields)
	* work with Valerie on development of the web-form and integrate it with RT

