[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 14th August, 2017

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
August 14th, 2017, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 10th July 2017](../../../minutes/2017/2017-07-10/)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Appointment of board officers
8. Items up for discussion
   1. Board meeting time and date
   2. Resolution 2017-08-14.mm.1: Removal of FreedomBox as an associated project
   3. Face-to-Face time and date
   4. Treasurer queue processing
9. Any other business
10. Next board meeting: September 11, 2017, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
I had the pleasure of attending Debian Conference (DebConf17) in
Montreal last week.  We held a BoF (birds of a feather) session on SPI
and it was good to meet several SPI directors and members.  We've also
agreed on a date for a face-to-face meeting in October.  There's a lot
to discuss and I'm looking forward to a productive meeting.

I'd like to thank Luca Filipozzi for his work on formalizing what the
reimbursement process for DebConf17 should be like and for driving on
getting all the parts together to make reimbursements go smoothly.

I'd also like to thank Martin Zobel-Helas and Michael Schultheiss for
their continued work on improving our bookkeeping process.  I look
forward to the publication of regular treasurer reports in the near
future.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2017-08-14.mm.1: Removal of FreedomBox as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. FreedomBox became an associated project of SPI in 2011.

2. The FreedomBox Foundation serves as the organizational headquarters
of the project.

3. The IRS has recently determined that the FreedomBox Foundation is
exempt from federal income tax under Internal Revenue Code 501(c)(3).

4. FreedomBox has requested the termination of its relationship with SPI
and the transfer of funds earmarked for FreedomBox to the FreedomBox
Foundation.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. FreedomBox will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. All funds held on behalf of FreedomBox will be transferred to the
FreedomBox Foundation.

3. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of FreedomBox.

4. Any future donations received for FreedomBox in the next 12 months
will be forwarded to the FreedomBox Foundation.
</pre>

