# Meeting agenda for Monday 10th April, 2017

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
April 10th, 2017, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 13th March 2017]
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2017-04-10.vy.1: Adopt Scottish STV for Board Elections
   2. Review progress of reimbursement streamlining 
   3. External advice for 2017 finacial audit
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: May 8, 2017, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2017-04-10.vy.1: Adopt Scottish STV for Board Elections

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. SPI's voting system for Board elections is unique to our
   organisation and has several problems; notably, a lack of
   proportionality.

2. SPI is not equipped to effectively design or analyse voting
   systems.  We wish to adopt a system widely used elsewhere, and
   which is recommended by civil society organisations specialising in
   voting reform.

3. The Single Transferrable Vote is the only proportional voting
   system, suitable for SPI, which meets these criteria.

4. The Scottish STV variant is clearly specified; we have an
   established and stable Free Software implementation of it; and it
   is straightforward to (re)implement.  Other STV variants appear to
   lack some of these good properties.

5. Ian Jackson has offered to help with the implementation of STV for
   SPI.

THEREFORE THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES

6. Future elections to the SPI Board will be counted according to the
   Scottish Single Transferrable Vote.  Scottish STV will also be used
   by SPI for any other multi-winner election.

7. Specifically, the algorithm to be used is that specified in
   Rules 45-52 of the Scottish Local Government Elections Order
   2007 (a UK Statutory Instrument):
      http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ssi/2007/42/schedule/1/part/III/crossheading/counting-of-votes/made

8. The practical implementation will be by means of software; for
   example, perhaps the openstv package in Debian.  The choice of
   software is up to the Secretary.  However, any differences between
   the Rules in the Order referenced above, and whatever software
   implementation is chosen, are to be resolved in favour of the
   Rules.

9. The SPI Secretary is requested to liaise with Ian Jackson, so that
   the necessary changes to SPI software and infrastructure can be
   identified and implemented.
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2017 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
