21:30 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2011/2011-05-11/
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have eight board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:30 #spi: < cdlu> David Graham
21:31 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:31 #spi: < bdale> cool .. quorum
21:31 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: pling
21:31 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:31 #spi: < zobel> we just miss Joshua now?
21:32 #spi: < bdale> yes .. no regrets?
21:32 #spi: < Noodles> Not that I've seen.
21:32 #spi: < bdale> ok, well, let's proceed and perhaps he'll appear
21:32 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:32 #spi: < bdale> Since our last meeting, I was pleased to see this announcement from the US DOJ regarding the CPTN transaction: http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2011/April/11-at-491.html.
21:32 #spi: < bdale> nothing else of interest to report
21:32 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:32 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> standard report is in the agenda and emailed out (-general rather than -private based on past feedback)
21:33 #spi: < bdale> yes, makes sense to me
21:33 #spi: < bdale> I didn't notice anything unusual .. any further comments?
21:34 #spi: < zobel> not from me
21:34 #spi:  * Hydroxide read it and has no concerns. Thanks Michael!
21:34 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:34 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> We've had an enquiry from http://ankur.org.in/ about becoming members.
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> (sorry, had to find the URL)
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> I plan to get a resolution for them within the next week, but didn't want to put them on the agenda because they're a less well known project.
21:35 #spi: < bdale> you'll work with them?
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> They were in contact last year.
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> Yes, I've been exchanging emails with them.
21:36 #spi: < bdale> ok.  I don't recall them offhand.
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> They do localisation of Free Software.
21:36 #spi: < bdale> right
21:37 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing else of note to report.
21:37 #spi: < bdale> ok, well, if it seems like a group we can actually do something useful for, that's fine.
21:37 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:37 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on?
21:37 #spi: < Noodles> Yes.
21:37 #spi:  * Hydroxide read those and is ready to vote
21:38 #spi: < cdlu> ditto
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,bdale,hydroxide,cdlu,noodles,zobel,ganneff) allowed to vote on Minutes for Wednesday, 13th April 2011 meeting. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:38 #spi: < cdlu> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote abstain
21:38 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for Wednesday, 13th April 2011 meeting": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for Wednesday, 13th April 2011 meeting" closed.
21:38 #spi: < bdale> thanks
21:38 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:38 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.1, SPI Resolution 2011-04-13.mzh.1 (Jenkins as associated project)]
21:38 #spi: < bdale> Martin?
21:39 #spi: < bdale> this seems simple to me
21:39 #spi: < zobel> well, we had been asked to have Jenkins as associated project
21:39 #spi: < bdale> I've seen no dissent?
21:39 #spi: < cdlu> I could find no reason to object to the request.
21:40 #spi:  * zobel neither, and no further discussion on board
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Seems fine by me (I had my first Hudson experience yesterday).
21:40 #spi: < zobel> so i hope we are ready to vote
21:40 #spi: < bdale> I'm ready to vote
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,bdale,hydroxide,cdlu,noodles,zobel,ganneff,) allowed to vote on Resolution 2011-04-26.mzh.1 - Jenkins as associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:40 #spi: < cdlu> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2011-04-26.mzh.1 - Jenkins as associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2011-04-26.mzh.1 - Jenkins as associated project" closed.
21:40 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: that will hopefuly not influence your vote :)
21:41 #spi: < bdale> kohsuke indicated he had a conflict but would be logging the channel .. hopefully we'll have a response later today
21:41 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: All good. The guy who was showing me how we use it internal was impressed I knew about the fork. ;)
21:41 #spi: < cdlu> hehe
21:41 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:41 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:41 #spi: < bdale> Martin, you wanted to mention something about midnight commander?
21:41 #spi: < zobel> the midight commander people approched me yesterday
21:42 #spi: < bdale> anything unusual in the request?
21:42 #spi: < cdlu> just a reminder that the election and agm are coming up in just over 7 weeks.
21:42 #spi: < zobel> no. just that they want to move the domain to SPI quite fast.
21:42 #spi: < zobel> shortly after they hopefully had been accepted.
21:42 #spi: < Ganneff> define quite fast? is it that it is short before renew?
21:42 #spi: < bdale> zobel: ok .. I should mention for the record that we're also talking to Arch Linux
21:43 #spi: < Ganneff> cos most registrars deny a transfer then and want a renewal first
21:43 #spi: < zobel> i am willing to sponsor the domain fees if needed.
21:43 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: i will try to find out today or tomorrow.
21:43 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: thx for that information
21:43 #spi: < bdale> that's all detail we can handle outside the meeting, in any case
21:43 #spi: < Ganneff> SHOULDNT be needed if its just one of the default sets our registrar has
21:43 #spi: < bdale> I can't think of any reason we'd deny an app from them
21:43 #spi: < schultmc> SPI's general fund has plenty available for things like domain registrations
21:44 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel: the offset is about two weeks. it should be valid longer. 
21:44 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: thx
21:44 #spi: < Noodles> Doesn't expire until December.
21:44 #spi: < bdale> sounds fine, then
21:44 #spi: < Ganneff> then there is no trouble
21:44 #spi: < Ganneff> schultmc: unless we suddenly only have domains with special wishes, our current registrar is more than happy to have them free for us
21:44 #spi: < bdale> cdlu: thanks for the reminder .. do we need to take any action today, or expect discussion next month?
21:45 #spi: < Noodles> I was going to mail the -projects list to remind people.
21:45 #spi: < zobel> ah, and thank you from debian for moving the debian.org domain
21:45 #spi: < zobel> s/debian/debian sysadmins/
21:45 #spi: < Noodles> (Well, liaisons, who could then tell their projects.)
21:45 #spi: < Ganneff> thank you? didnt read like it in the announce prepare.
21:45 #spi: < zobel> we are DNSSEC secured by this morning.
21:45 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: good plan .. we definitely would like to stir the pot a bit and get a good slate of candidates this year .. with several new associated projects, etc
21:45 #spi: < Noodles> Is membership processed reasonably fast these days?
21:46 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: was lange waert, wird endlich gut.
21:46 #spi: < Noodles> ie if I send something out in the next week it's plenty of time for project members to sign up to SPI and be able to vote?
21:46 #spi: < bdale> I would think so
21:46 #spi: < schultmc> Noodles: yes
21:46 #spi: < Noodles> Excellent.
21:46 #spi: < bdale> processing all pending requests before the vote starts would certainly make sense
21:46 #spi: < zobel> next meeting 1h earlier?
21:46 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel: and much of the time was waiting on registrar^Wtheir uplink
21:46 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: Er, no?
21:46 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:46 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting will be 8 June 2011, 20:30 UTC.
21:46 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:47 #spi: < cdlu> suits me
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> WFM.
21:47 #spi: < Ganneff> i c an deal with that
21:47 #spi: < Hydroxide> Fine
21:47 #spi: < cdlu> there'll only be three weeks left to the agm then :)
21:47 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:47 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
