21:30 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2011/2011-09-14/
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:30 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:30 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
21:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:30 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:30 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:30 #spi: < bdale> cool, quorum!
21:30 #spi: < bdale> linuxpoet just indicated he won't be able to join us .. any other regrets?
21:30 #spi: < Noodles> Not that I've seen.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> who's missing?
21:31 #spi: < zobel> what about schultmc?
21:31 #spi: < zobel> schultmc: ^
21:31 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: dude?
21:32 #spi: < zobel> lets go on without schultmc?
21:32 #spi: < bdale> I'd proceed, but since the first non-null item is the treasurer's report...
21:32 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:32 #spi: < bdale> Ongoing discussions with more projects interested in associating with us, but nothing specific to report today.
21:32 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:32 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:33 #spi:  * Noodles SMSes him.
21:33 #spi: < bdale> I note that he posted the usual monthly report to the list
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> bdale: if he doesn't surface soon, let's go on anyway. a report is in te agenda
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> and on-list
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> whoops - sorry
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:33 #spi: < bdale> cool .. welcome, report?
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> Standard report is in the agenda - nothing of note
21:33 #spi: < bdale> any questions for Michael?
21:34 #spi: < bdale> ok, then let's proceed
21:34 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:34 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:34 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing to report here.
21:34 #spi: < bdale> any questions for Jonathan?
21:34 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:34 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on?
21:34 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (ganneff,zobel,bdale,clint,hydroxide,noodles,solver) allowed to vote on Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:35 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Oh, hang on.
21:35 #spi: < Clint> !vote abstain
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> I missed schultmc off that.
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting": Yes: 2, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 4 ( hydroxide  ganneff  zobel  noodles )
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting" closed.
21:35 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,zobel,bdale,clint,hydroxide,noodles,solver,schultmc) allowed to vote on Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:35 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Clint> !vote abstain
21:35 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: Again?
21:35 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for August 10th, 2011 SPI Board Meeting" closed.
21:35 #spi: < Noodles> Sorry 'bout that.
21:36 #spi: < bdale> np, thanks all
21:36 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:36 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.1, SPI Resolution 2011-09-14.bg.1 (FreedomBox as associated project)]
21:36 #spi: < bdale> Are there any questions about this resolution, or are we ready to vote?
21:36 #spi: < Solver> I'm happy to proceed
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> Seems reasonable to me.
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,zobel,bdale,clint,hydroxide,noodles,solver,schultmc) allowed to vote on Resolution 2011-09-14.bg.1 (FreedomBox as associated project). - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:36 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Clint> !vote abstain
21:36 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2011-09-14.bg.1 (FreedomBox as associated project)": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
21:36 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2011-09-14.bg.1 (FreedomBox as associated project)" closed.
21:37 #spi: < bdale> I considered abstaining since I'm also a member of the FreedomBox Foundation board, but decided there's no real conflict here
21:37 #spi: < Clint> i like to play it safe
21:37 #spi: < bdale> in any case, thanks .. Noodles, I believe James is on channel
21:37 #spi: < zobel> he is
21:38 #spi: < zobel> Noodles?
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> Sorry, real life interruption.
21:39 #spi: < bdale> np .. James is 'vasile' here
21:39 #spi: < Noodles> vasile: Do you wish to accept on behalf of FreedomBox to become an associated SPI project?
21:39 #spi: < vasile> On behalf of the FreedomBox Foundation, I accept, pending paperwork.  Thank you very much.
21:39 #spi: < vasile> With whom should I follow up?
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Mail me (secretary@) with some blurb and a logo so I can add you to the website.
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Mail schultmc for actual useful stuff. ;)
21:40 #spi: < vasile> Will do.  Thanks again.
21:40 #spi: < schultmc> vasile: http://www.spi-inc.org/treasurer/newprojects/
21:40 #spi: < Hydroxide> no paperwork required to complete the process, as I understand the usual procedure. this meeting is being logged and the acceptance will be in the minutes
21:40 #spi: < bdale> ok, great .. moving on ..
21:40 #spi: < vasile> Perfect.
21:40 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:40 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:41 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:41 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting will be 12 October 2011, 20:30 UTC.
21:41 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:41 #spi: < Noodles> WFM.
21:41 #spi: < Hydroxide> none here
21:41 #spi:  * zobel might be vac :)
21:41 #spi: < Solver> That's fine
21:41 #spi: < Ganneff> about 95% i wont be there - i will be in taiwan
21:42 #spi: < Clint> i note that the website says 3rd wednesday of the month
21:42 #spi: < Ganneff> where this translates to somewhere around 4 or so in the night
21:42 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: we should reconcile website and reality, but the 12th works for me next month
21:42 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:42 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
