21:30 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2011/2011-08-10/
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:30 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:30 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:30 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> that's quorum.
21:31 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:31 #spi: < Noodles> I've had regrets from Clint.
21:31 #spi: < bdale> who's missing?
21:31 #spi: < Noodles> Joshua.
21:31 #spi: < bdale> ok .. hopefully he'll join us, but I think we can proceed
21:31 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:31 #spi: < bdale> In late July, we held a well-attended SPI BOF during Debconf11 in Banja Luka.  For anyone interested, a video recording of the meeting is available online at
21:31 #spi: < bdale> http://meetings-archive.debian.net/pub/debian-meetings/2011/debconf11/low/703_SPI_BOF.ogv
21:31 #spi: < bdale> I'd also like to congratulate and welcome our new board members Clint Adams and Robert Brockway, and welcome Jimmy back to the board for another term.
21:31 #spi: < bdale> And profound thanks to David Graham who chose to retire from the board this year after many years of service!
21:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> thanks and congrats as well
21:32 #spi: < zobel> during that bof a few items came up, we should work on
21:32 #spi: < bdale> yes
21:32 #spi: < bdale> good things to do in email
21:33 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:33 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> Standard report is in the agenda
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> nothing much of note
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> schultmc: one question about that
21:34 #spi: < Hydroxide> schultmc: we're getting close to the $250k assets level. this is great, but it does mean we may need a formal CPA audit soon under NY (and IRS?) rules. have you started planning for this?
21:34 #spi: < schultmc> Hydroxide: yes - although we're exempt from that requirement currently
21:34 #spi: < Hydroxide> schultmc: will we still be exempt when we cross that threshold?
21:34 #spi: < Hydroxide> and, glad to hear it's on your radar
21:35 #spi: < schultmc> Hydroxide: yes - it has to do with how much we collect from NY sources
21:35 #spi: < Hydroxide> ok.
21:35 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: glad you're on top of it, let us know if there are any board actions required around this
21:35 #spi:  * Hydroxide still has questions about e.g. IRS rules but we don't need to take up meeting time with that. I appeciate your work on these requirements
21:35 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: will do
21:36 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:36 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:37 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing in particular from me. There was a comment here in the past few weeks about Tux4Kids not being on the project page; I've had a trawl through the resolutions, confirmed they had one and added them. I didn't see any other missing projects.
21:37 #spi: < Noodles> (Though I failed to find the resolutions for some of the existing ones, which I need to go and have a better look for.)
21:37 #spi: < Solver> Thanks for following up on that noodles
21:37 #spi: < bdale> oh, thanks for taking care of that .. some projects may pre-date our current resolution process, but they'd be easy to guess at
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> freedesktop.org, Fresco, OFTC, OpenVAS, Open Voting Foundation + PostgreSQL FWIW.
21:38 #spi: < bdale> related to this, I'd like to know that we have a current list of contacts for our associated projects, and know where to find that list routinely
21:38 #spi: < Noodles> I think the project pages themselves would be best, but we'd need to check with projects that they're ok with having contact email addresses listed publicly.
21:39 #spi: < schultmc> we should also make sure liaisons are subscribed to spi-projects
21:39 #spi: < bdale> please take that as an action item, then, and feel free to cc me on any discussions that result
21:39 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: good point
21:39 #spi: < bdale> ok, anything else?
21:39 #spi: < Noodles> Nope.
21:40 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:40 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on?
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Yup, nothing else outstanding.
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,solver,ganneff,noodles) allowed to vote on Minutes for July 13th 2011 AGM. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:40 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:40 #spi: < Solver> !abstain
21:40 #spi: < Solver> !vote abstain
21:40 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:41 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:41 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for July 13th 2011 AGM": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
21:41 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for July 13th 2011 AGM" closed.
21:41 #spi: < bdale> thank you
21:41 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:41 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.1, SPI Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.1 (Drizzle as associated project)]
21:41 #spi: < bdale> Are there any questions about this resolution, or are we ready to voite?
21:41 #spi: < bdale> vote, even
21:41 #spi: < Solver> I'm happy to proceed
21:42 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,solver,ganneff,noodles) allowed to vote on Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.1 - Drizzle as associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:42 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.1 - Drizzle as associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:42 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.1 - Drizzle as associated project" closed.
21:42 #spi: < bdale> thank you
21:42 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.2, SPI Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.1 (Arch Linux as associated project)]
21:43 #spi: < bdale> Are there any questions about this resolution, or are we ready to vote?
21:43 #spi: < bdale> sorry, that should be .2
21:43 #spi: < Ganneff> vote
21:43 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,solver,ganneff,noodles) allowed to vote on Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.2 - Arch Linux as associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:43 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:44 #spi: < Noodles> bdale?
21:44 #spi: < bdale> phone
21:44 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:44 #spi: < bdale> sorry
21:44 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.2 - Arch Linux as associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:44 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2011-08-10.bg.2 - Arch Linux as associated project" closed.
21:44 #spi: < zobel> congratulations to both projects.
21:44 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Appointment of board officers]
21:44 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, do you want to take the lead on this, starting with the results of your email poll regarding who among us are willing to continue their current roles?
21:44 #spi: < hingo> Thank you :-)
21:45 #spi: < Noodles> I've had self nominations from bdale, schultmc and myself to continue in our existing positions (President, Treasurer + Secretary respectively).
21:45 #spi: < Noodles> I haven't seen anything about Vice President, nor from any one else for those positions.
21:45 #spi:  * Ganneff goes for vp again
21:45 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:46 #spi: < Noodles> Does anyone else wish to put themselves forward?
21:46 #spi: < bdale> so we have the slate of existing officers willing to continue.  does anyone else want to nominate themselves for any of the roles?
21:46 #spi:  * Hydroxide is fine remaining as a non-officer director for the next year
21:46 #spi:  * zobel plans to not stand for any role ATM
21:46 #spi: < Solver> No plans here either, thanks
21:47 #spi: < bdale> ok, so do we need to vote, and if so can we do it as one approval of the slate vote?
21:47 #spi: < Hydroxide> given that Clint and linuxpoet aren't present, that's all the board members
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,solver,ganneff,noodles) allowed to vote on Reappoint Bdale, Michael, Jonathan and Joerg in their board officer positions. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:47 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> I think we do need to vote (we did in previous years), but I think it can be done as one.
21:47 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:47 #spi:  * Hydroxide nods at Noodles 
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Reappoint Bdale, Michael, Jonathan and Joerg in their board officer positions": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:47 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Reappoint Bdale, Michael, Jonathan and Joerg in their board officer positions" closed.
21:47 #spi: < bdale> wfm
21:48 #spi: < Hydroxide> thanks and congrats/condolences to the officers :)
21:48 #spi: < bdale> thanks to the board for the vote of confidence, and your continued support
21:48 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Any other business]
21:48 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:48 #spi: < Ganneff> ay
21:48 #spi:  * Hydroxide has two too
21:48 #spi: < Hydroxide> Ganneff first
21:48 #spi:  * Noodles too.
21:48 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: perhaps you can invite our new associated projects here if the reps are present?
21:48 #spi:  * zobel nothing.
21:48 #spi: < bdale> Ganneff: go
21:49 #spi: < Ganneff> the board subscription change clint mentioned on board@ - is that ok to change to that other guy or do we even have a "role" address so its not person bound for them? thats the softwarefreedom.org board@ subscriber
21:49 #spi: < bdale> I think for legal reps, having specific individuals makes sense
21:50 #spi: < bdale> if the SFLC wants to change who the designated rep is, I don't think having to update our list from time to time is a big burden
21:50 #spi: < Ganneff> its not.
21:50 #spi: < Ganneff> so aaronw its going to be then
21:50 #spi: < Ganneff> next
21:51 #spi: < bdale> and I believe Clint can be assumed to be speaking authoritatively, since he's an SFLC employee
21:51 #spi: < Ganneff> ok
21:51 #spi: < Hydroxide> I emailed the contact Clint mentioned as well as the existing contact at SFLC who I was working on a trademark issue with to confirm who our first point of contact there should be, for new issues - haven't heard back, but I agree with bdale about assumptions
21:51 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide: ok .. you had an item regarding trademarks?
21:52 #spi: < Hydroxide> yeah. I just heard back from Mishi Choudhary at SFLC today - apparently WIPO has given us a certificate of registration for the Debian trademark under the Madrid Protocol, for the EU, (People's Republic of) China, Japan, and (for some reason listed separately) the UK
21:52 #spi: < bdale> cool!
21:52 #spi: < Ganneff> aaronw subscribed
21:52 #spi: < Hydroxide> I think there may be further processing needed on the various countries' trademark offices, but that's good news. for some reason she didn't CC board@
21:53 #spi: < Solver> Well done to all involved
21:53 #spi: < bdale> is there any action we need to take?
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> bdale: the only action may be following up with specific countries where pre-existing trademarks (usually owned by friendly people/orgs) already exist, to sort out the duplicates, and remembering to follow up in 2021 for renewals :)
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> no board vote needed, though
21:54 #spi: < bdale> ok, sounds good
21:54 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide: you had another item?
21:54 #spi: < zobel> Hydroxide: thx for working on this!
21:54 #spi: < Hydroxide> the other issue I had was the same suggestion of extending our new associated projects in person to those who have reps present
21:54 #spi: < Hydroxide> zobel, Solver: np
21:54 #spi: < bdale> ok .. Noodles, feel free to do that, and/or you had another item?
21:54 #spi: < Hydroxide> *our new associated project invitiations
21:55 #spi: < bdale> I see that hingo is here
21:55 #spi: < Noodles> hingo is here from Drizzle, do we have anyone from Arch present?
21:55 #spi:  * Hydroxide notes for the meeting log that according to /whois, hingo is Henrik Ingo
21:55 #spi: < hingo> Yes. That's correct :-)
21:56 #spi: < bdale> hingo: as SPI liaison for Drizzle, do you want to accept our invitation?
21:56 #spi: < hingo> Yes, on behalf of Drizzle project, I'd like to accept the associated project status.
21:56 #spi: < bdale> great!  congrats, and welcome.
21:56 #spi: < Hydroxide> \o/
21:57 #spi: < Noodles> hingo: Send me a logo and some blurb for your project page?
21:57 #spi: < hingo> If the board is interested, I'm also prepared to share a few sentences on our next steps in this process?
21:57 #spi: < bdale> hingo: that would be fine
21:57 #spi: < Solver> I'm interested
21:57 #spi: < hingo> A driving reason to become an associated project has been the desire to anchor drizzle.org domain name and the Drizzle name (which probably counts as a trademark) in a good non-profit organization. They're currently held by 2-3 different individuals. After this meeting I will want to approach the board to learn how we can do that.
21:57 #spi: < hingo> While we are completing those steps, we will probably not make any big announcements of our new SPI status, rather we'll do that when the whole process is completed.
21:57 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:57 #spi: < Ganneff> hingo: you will want to mail hostmaster@spi-inc.org about the domain
21:58 #spi: < bdale> it will show up in our meeting minutes, of course, but that's not a big announcement
21:58 #spi: < Hydroxide> hingo: and board@spi-inc.org about the trademarks
21:58 #spi: < hingo> It's not confidential, just that we'll have the big parties later.
21:58 #spi: < bdale> ;-)
21:58 #spi: < Hydroxide> hingo: ok. so are you okay with it being listed as an associated project on SPI's website before those are taken care of? (without big publicity)
21:59 #spi: < hingo> Hydroxide: Yes, and that's of course correct to do so. I'll make sure to send the logo.
21:59 #spi: < Hydroxide> k
21:59 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: you'll email Aaron Griffin about the Arch invite, or should I?
21:59 #spi: < Noodles> I'll do so.
21:59 #spi: < bdale> thank you
22:00 #spi: < bdale> ok, any other items to discuss?
22:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 10, Next board meeting]
22:00 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting will be 13 September 2011, 20:30 UTC.
22:00 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
22:00 #spi: < Noodles> Do we want to move the meeting time slightly later for Solver?
22:00 #spi: < schultmc> September 13 is Tuesday iirc
22:00 #spi: < Solver> this time is good actually
22:00 #spi: < Solver> thanks
22:00 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: please not. its 22:30 starting time.
22:00 #spi: < Noodles> Sorry, yes, it should be the 14th.
22:00 #spi: < zobel> for CEST
22:00 #spi: < bdale> oh, oops
22:01 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: Fair enough.
22:01 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: so we're agreed 14th September 2011 at 20:30 UTC?
22:01 #spi: < Noodles> Sounds like it.
22:01 #spi: < bdale> wfm
22:01 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
22:01 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
