21:30 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2011/2011-04-13/
21:30 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have eight board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:30 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:31 #SPI: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:31 #spi: < schultmc> cdlu: ping
21:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: do I remember right that you have free international SMS? if so, please sms him; if not I'm happy to
21:32 #SPI: < Noodles> Canada isn't international. Sent.
21:32 #spi: < cdlu> hi
21:32 #spi: < cdlu> David Graham
21:32 #spi: < bdale> cool
21:32 #spi: < zobel> yay
21:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: usually is for that purpose despite sharing our numbering system
21:32 #spi: < cdlu> sorry
21:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> anyway, can be discussed later
21:32 #spi: < bdale> I believe Ganneff said he wouldn't make it?
21:32 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: correct
21:33 #SPI: < Noodles> Yes, regrets have been received from Ganneff.
21:33 #spi:  * bdale tries to count .. we have everyone else?
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> that's quorum. still no linuxpoet right?
21:33 #SPI: < Noodles> I don't think I've seen any from linuxpoet.
21:33 #spi: < bdale> oh, right
21:33 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: missing linuxpoet
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> is there a 9th board member currently who I'm forgetting?
21:33 #spi: < bdale> with quorum, I suggest we proceed
21:33 #spi: < cdlu> no we are at 9
21:33 #spi: < cdlu> 8
21:33 #spi: < cdlu> since last summer :)
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> right, ok :)
21:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> let's go on
21:33 #SPI: < Noodles> We have 6. We're at quorum.
21:34 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:34 #spi: < bdale> Two items to mention.
21:34 #spi: < bdale> One is that I spent some time recently working with a new representative of the Open64 community, reflected in the resolution we will consider today.
21:34 #spi: < bdale> The other is that I was interviewed by the US Department of Justice anti-trust folks on behalf of Debian.  The contents of the interview are confidential, 
21:34 #spi: < bdale> but I found it very encouraging that they reached out to the Free Software world for input on a pending matter in this way.
21:34 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:34 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:34 #spi: < schultmc> two standard reports are in the agenda
21:34 #spi: < bdale> any questions?
21:34 #spi: < schultmc> there's a typo in the march report - it should be through march 31, not march 28
21:35 #SPI: < Noodles> Nothing for Libreoffice yet. Have they been in contact with you at all?
21:35 #spi: < schultmc> Noodles: not yet - I'll ping the liaison after the meeting
21:35 #spi: < bdale> good idea, as I was under the impression they had a pending asset transfer to SPI
21:35 #SPI: < Noodles> Fair enough. No hurry from our side obviously, but I thought they were waiting on SPI association for some cash flow.
21:35 #spi: < bdale> right
21:35 #spi: < bdale> ok .. any other treasurer report related stuff?
21:35 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: they do but it's a NET 30 transaction
21:36 #spi: < bdale> ah, ok
21:36 #spi: < bdale> k, let's move on
21:36 #spi: < schultmc> nothing further from me
21:36 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:36 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:36 #SPI: < Noodles> Nothing much from me. I was pleased we were able to do the Libreoffice stuff via email last month.
21:37 #spi: < zobel> can we please make those mails public?
21:37 #SPI: < Noodles> I've no objections, but equally I don't see the benefit; the fact we all voted for is obvious.
21:38 #spi:  * Hydroxide was about to say what Noodles said. we just need that fact to be public, and nothing else was of substance
21:38 #spi: < bdale> right, it seemed like a fairly content-free discussion
21:38 #spi: < bdale> ok .. let's make sure the resolution is documented and move on
21:38 #SPI: < Noodles> I did wonder about why treasurer reports went to -private instead of -general btw.
21:38 #SPI: < Noodles> On the subject of privacy.
21:38 #SPI: < Noodles> They go onto the website at about the same time.
21:39 #spi: < bdale> hrm
21:39 #spi: < schultmc> Noodles: force of habit - they can go to -general I suppose
21:39 #SPI: < Noodles> Not a bit issue, just an inconsistency.
21:39 #SPI: < Noodles> s/bit/big/
21:39 #spi: < Hydroxide> schultmc, Noodles: it does make sense to me for the deposit emails since those contain private specifics, to the extent they even remain appropriate for -private. I agree about the reports going to -general though
21:39 #spi: < bdale> I have no objection.  does everyone read -general?
21:40 #spi: < Hydroxide> I do
21:40 #spi:  * zobel as well
21:40 #spi: < bdale> maybe at least once or twice we announce on -private that they're posted on -general?
21:40 #spi:  * Hydroxide nods
21:40 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's move on
21:40 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:40 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have two months to vote on?
21:41 #SPI: < Noodles> Yeah, though one is the no quorum meeting.
21:41 #SPI: < Noodles> So hopefully easy.
21:41 #spi: < Hydroxide> no idea if that one needs to be voted on, but it's so quick to do we might as well do both
21:41 #spi: < bdale> right
21:41 #spi: < bdale> I agree
21:41 #spi: < cdlu> I'm not sure that we need to approve non-quorate meeting minutes, but as the cause of not making quorum I won't raise too much of a fuss. Sorry about htat. :)
21:41 #spi: < Hydroxide> I need to abstain for that one, so not as the same vote
21:41 #spi: < bdale> captures factual information about who was and was not present, etc, good to have it part of the formal record
21:41 #spi: < Hydroxide> cdlu: same here
21:41 #spi:  * Hydroxide nods
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,cdlu,hydroxide,zobel,noodles,schultmc) allowed to vote on Minutes for 9th February 2011. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:42 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < cdlu> !vote yes
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for 9th February 2011": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for 9th February 2011" closed.
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,cdlu,hydroxide,zobel,noodles,schultmc) allowed to vote on Minutes for 9th March 2011. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:42 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote abstain
21:42 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < bdale> !vote abstain
21:42 #SPI: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:42 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:43 #spi: < cdlu> !vote abstain
21:43 #SPI: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for 9th March 2011": Yes: 3, No: 0, Abstain: 3, Missing: 0 ()
21:43 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for 9th March 2011" closed.
21:43 #spi: < bdale> ok, thanks
21:43 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:43 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.1, SPI Resolution 2011-04-13.bg.1 (Open64 as associated project)]
21:43 #spi: < bdale> This is essentially the same resolution we approved in 2009, updated to reflect a new contact.  There has been some discussion on the list, is there anyone who would
21:43 #spi: < bdale> like to discuss further here before we call a vote?
21:44 #SPI: < Noodles> I feel that SPI is in no position to mark down a potential project due to an out of date website. ;)
21:44 #spi: < cdlu> hah
21:44 #spi: < Hydroxide> personally I'm fine voting now, but I do think it's at least worthwhile for board members to have read Chris Bergstr√∂m's concerns before they vote. I'm still inclined to vote yes despite them
21:45 #spi: < Hydroxide> if enough other board members are ready to proceed, let's do so. otherwise let's defer.
21:45 #SPI: < Noodles> I think I'm happy enough; I felt that there was a lack of substantiation and it came across a bit as project rivalry.
21:45 #spi: < Hydroxide> yeah.
21:46 #spi: < bdale> I agree, and hope everyone has been reading along.  My personal take on this is that we can and should support the resolution, we can then be part of the process of helping ensure they do the right things vis the community.
21:46 #spi: < Hydroxide> also, even if it is a corporately run project, it's not the kind where it's one company pretending to be open, it's a legit community project where the community members happen to be megacorps :)
21:46 #spi: < Hydroxide> which I don't object to our involvement in
21:47 #spi: < bdale> the things they want to do through SPI seem entirely in keeping with the things we do for other associated projects, too
21:47 #SPI: < Noodles> Do we want to proceed to a vote or does anyone want to discuss further?
21:47 #spi: < zobel> can we move on. my day is now ~38h long.
21:47 #spi: < bdale> I'm happy to vote.  Does anyone object?
21:47 #spi: < zobel> +?
21:47 #spi:  * Hydroxide seconds the implied move to vote
21:47 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: call the vote, please
21:47 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,cdlu,hydroxide,zobel,noodles,schultmc) allowed to vote on Resolution 2011-04-13.bg.1 - Open64 as associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:47 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:47 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:48 #SPI: < Noodles> (I was already typing it)
21:48 #SPI: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:48 #spi: < Hydroxide> it isn't quick to type, as I remember from when i was secretary :)
21:48 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:48 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:48 #spi: < cdlu> !vote yes
21:48 #SPI: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2011-04-13.bg.1 - Open64 as associated project": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:48 #SPI: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2011-04-13.bg.1 - Open64 as associated project" closed.
21:48 #spi: < cdlu> seems to me that they're working on improving the project, thus the approach to us. Certainly don't have a problem with that.
21:48 #spi: < Hydroxide> indeed.
21:49 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: let's sync after the meeting on who emails Aida, I have her contact info if you don't
21:49 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:49 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:49 #spi: < Hydroxide> zobel, *: quick item that hopefully won't delay things much. what's the status of the debian.edu ADR?
21:49 #SPI: < Noodles> We have an election in 3 months.
21:49 #SPI: < Noodles> I have 2 thoughts about it.
21:49 #SPI: < Noodles> Firstly, I think it's for 2 positions. I'd like it to be for 3 to try and fill out the board to 9 again.
21:50 #spi: < bdale> I agree
21:50 #SPI: < Noodles> Secondly, we keep talking about using a different voting system, so if we want to do that we should discuss it sooner rather than later.
21:50 #spi:  * zobel has a question on: any news from Jenkins CI
21:50 #spi: < zobel> ?
21:50 #spi: < bdale> 9 doesn't change quorum but makes it easier to achieve quorum
21:50 #SPI: < Noodles> Both of these concerns are irrelevant if we can't get enough people standing though.
21:50 #spi: < zobel> Hydroxide: you mean debian.eu? no
21:50 #spi: < cdlu> Noodles, it is still trapped in the 8-year old quest to fix our by-laws
21:50 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: as I understand it, the voting system is under the control of the secretary (or his designate to run the election if he is a candidate)
21:50 #spi: < zobel> but i will contact zack the next days
21:50 #spi: < bdale> cdlu: has it really been that long?  sigh.
21:50 #spi: < cdlu> last summer we went from 9 to 8 by acclamation due to a lack of interest in running
21:51 #spi: < bdale> I think we can drum up more interest this year with some head-start time
21:51 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: as for filling the vacancy at the election, either we don't need a resolution for that or we can propose one for the next meeting
21:51 #spi: < Hydroxide> but it can be done
21:51 #spi: < cdlu> bdale, yes, it has been longer since we started working on the by-laws committee than the time between SPI's founding and the creation of that committee
21:51 #SPI: < Noodles> I don't think we need a resolution, but I thought it was worth bringing up.
21:51 #spi:  * Hydroxide nods
21:51 #spi: < zobel> we should encourage other project then debian to stuff board members.
21:51 #spi: < cdlu> I had intended to do it at the end of the meeting but this is as a seemingly appropriate time
21:51 #spi: < bdale> I fully support opening 3 positions this year to get back to 9
21:51 #SPI: < Noodles> Yes.
21:51 #spi:  * cdlu does not intend to seek a 4th term on the board
21:51 #SPI: < Noodles> More non Debian representation would be good.
21:51 #spi: < Hydroxide> zobel: definitely
21:52 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: btw, if you want, i can run take over Secretary in the next term if you want...
21:52 #spi: < bdale> cdlu: thanks for being explicit about that.  sorry to see you go, but I understand.
21:52 #spi: < Hydroxide> cdlu: so we'd need four new directors to get back up to 9 ... anyway, I understand 100% how busy you've been and am grateful for your long board service
21:52 #spi:  * Hydroxide intends to run to retain his seat
21:52 #spi: < cdlu> bdale, I've outlived my usefulness here. THe one thing I really wanted to achieve was new by-laws and I've failed to do that.
21:52 #spi: < cdlu> and now I'm too busy to give the time I need to to SPI 
21:53 #spi: < bdale> cdlu: so .. if you're not on the board, you'd have more time to work on the bylaws, right?  -)
21:53 #SPI: < Noodles> Hydroxide: Why 4?
21:53 #spi: < cdlu> bdale, ask me after May 2nd :)
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: cdlu is not running :)
21:53 #spi: < bdale> that doesn't change the count
21:53 #SPI: < Noodles> Hydroxide: 2 plus you re-running is enough?
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> oh, his was one of those up
21:53 #spi: < bdale> since he's up for reelection
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> right
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> never mind
21:53 #spi:  * cdlu works for the opposition house leader in the parliament of canada now, not exactly a job for free time
21:53 #spi: < bdale> ok .. any other business ?
21:53 #spi: < Hydroxide> cdlu: \o/
21:54 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:54 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting will be 11 May 2011, 20:30 UTC.
21:54 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:54 #spi: < zobel> bdale: [22:50:16]  * zobel has a question on: any news from Jenkins CI
21:54 #spi: < bdale> zobel: oh, sorry, missed that
21:54 #spi: < bdale> I don't
21:54 #spi:  * zobel is too slow today, and too tired
21:55 #SPI: < Noodles> Remind me what that is?
21:55 #spi: < bdale> oracle-induced hudson fork, right?
21:55 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: hudson not under Oracle
21:55 #spi: < schultmc> Noodles: open source continuous integration server f/k/a hudson
21:55 #SPI: < Noodles> Oh, that, right.
21:55 #spi: < bdale> nobody has approached me
21:55 #spi: < zobel> should we ask them again?
21:56 #spi: < Hydroxide> hudson technically exists and is being continued by oracle, but most of the community including its creator went to jenkins
21:56 #spi: < bdale> if they want our help, I'd certainly be happy to entertain a request
21:56 #spi: < bdale> not sure I know folks there to talk to, though
21:56 #SPI: < Noodles> It sounded like a reasonable associated project. Last mail was from linuxpoet to them?
21:56 #spi:  * zobel will contact the guy who mailed us by the weekend if that is okay.
21:57 #spi: < bdale> yes, go for it
21:57 #spi: < bdale> ok, any objections to proposed next meeting time?
21:57 #SPI: < Noodles> Fine with me.
21:57 #spi: < zobel> fine with me
21:57 #spi: < cdlu> depends on the outcome of the eleciton :)
21:57 #spi: < cdlu> but should be fine
21:57 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:57 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
