# Position statement for Selena Deckelmann

I am Selena Deckelmann (selenamarie on irc.oftc.net), and I am
standing for election to the SPI board.

Why am I running?
SPI has been a great fiscal sponsor for PostgreSQL. I believe that SPI
is the best model for many free and open source organizations. I
recommend SPI first to organizations that need its services. I would
love to give back to an organization that has been very helpful to my
community.

I believe that SPI should take a more active role in advocating for
FOSS globally. I can help in this effort by giving talks and
organizing meetings related to SPI at conferences globally, where I
speak and keynote each year.

I also strongly believe that our communities need to advocate for FOSS
as key part of primary and secondary education worldwide. UNESCO
recently published the Paris Declaration
(http://oercongress.weebly.com/paris-declaration.html) in support of
government policy change to create more open educational resources.
SPI is uniquely positioned to help promote the use of FOSS as a key
part of open education. I plan to advocate for this as a contributor
to PostgreSQL. If elected, I would like to solicit help from
contributing members of SPI in advocating for FOSS tools to help
spread the world's combined educational knowledge.

About me:

I started working with Linux in 1994, installing Slackware from
floppies on a computer my friends helped me build in college. I joined
the PostgreSQL community in 2006 when I started the Portland
PostgreSQL User Group. I have been named a Major Contributor to the
project by my peers, and am part of press@postgresql.org and the
systems team. I have been a contributing SPI member since 2008.

My work in FOSS includes contribution of code to several projects, but
is primarily around conferences and encouraging greater volunteer
involvement. I founded Open Source Bridge, PostgreSQL Conference,
Postgres Open and PG Day OSCON. I have also helped organize and run
over 30 other small and large conferences. I am passionate about the
effect conferences have on volunteer motivation, connection to each
other and the overall health of our many FOSS communities. I have
spoken at over 50 conferences worldwide about free software,
PostgreSQL, Puppet, community organizing and trolling.

I also work closely with FOSS contributors on increasing the
participation of women in FOSS. In Open Source Bridge's first year,
women comprised 30% of attendees and speakers. Similar sized
conferences are happy to have women make up 5% of participants.

Professionally, I am a product manager, systems administrator,
database administrator and occasional web developer. Primarily, I
write code in Perl or Python, but regularly dabble in C for
PostgreSQL.
