[[!meta title="Platform for Gregers Petersen"]]
# Position statement for Gregers Petersen

My name is Gregers Petersen and I'm running for a seat on the SPI board.
Currently I act as the OpenWrt relationship manager. In this position I
initiated the process of OpenWrt becoming a SPI associated project and
hereby transforming the OpenWrt project into a non-profit entity.
Professionally I work as a system administrator and anthropologist (when
I can find funding for research projects). My anthropological research
has until date focussed on the ethnographic study of relations of
ownership in a free software context, technology use, community based
wireless networks and digital archiving amongst other topics. I have
also in the past worked with user-driven design, change management,
organizational consulting and teaching.

I have been using free and open source software since the mid-90's which
over the years has brought me to a deep interests in embedded systems,
wireless networking, virtualization and resilient storage solutions.
- From an early onset it has been important for me to help others with
learning the "ins and outs" of free software. In the beginning of my own
path as user it was the organisation of a mobile hackerspace, today it
is a hacker club at my children&apos;s school.

SPI is quickly increasing its number of associated projects and the
focus of the projects is diversifying. This does ask questions in terms
of a potential need for changes in the services offered by SPI and the
form of organization. I would love to engage the challenges of these
questions as SPI board member. One change I would like to see happen is
to facilitate that each associated project has an appointed contact
amongst the SPI board members. The intention would be to improve ease of
communication and a more direct way of responding to requests and needs
from associated projects. My background as an anthropologist has given
me solid experiences with building and maintaining productive
relationships and I have for years utilized my skills within the world
of free and open source software.

It is my opinion, a position similar to what Jimmy Kaplowitz has
argued, that it is worth considering to expand the operational mission
of SPI. SPI is simply due to the increase in associated projects being
scaled up and this does offer challenges likewise as potentials. It
would be a personal delight to work with these topics as SPI board member.

It is my hope that I will be given the opportunity to be elected to the
SPI board. I believe that I can add valuable skills and experiences to
the future work and development of Software in the Public Interest. My
nick on both OFTC and Freenode is glp.
