[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 14th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the September 14th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-09-14-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal
counsel.

Merill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I'm
working with Stephen and Tim to finalize the paperwork.
</pre>

## Vice President's Report

<pre>

We continue to make good progress with our IT contractor.  We have an
initial test site up of the members system and are working through
some issues with it. The goal is to have the members system up and
running on modern versions of Debian but this involves having to make
actual changes to the code which we hadn't anticipated. That work is
progressing as we test each component and discover what needs to be
changed to get it to work.  We will continue to move this project
forward in hopes of having the members system online soon.

The board alias no longer is set up to be moderated as that was
leading to some confusion and the moderation wasn't being handled in a
timely manner.

For the time being, the membership committee has stated that they are
waiting for the members system to come online again before handling
recent membership requests. Anyone who wishes to voice a concern
regarding this or membership activities in general is encouraged to
reach out to either the membership committee directly or to the board.

Independently, I am also working to support the Debian Project
Leader's requests regarding information about SPI and Debian's
relationships and to support their ongoing efforts.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to
the July Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted
to complete SPI's 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state
filing). They have completed the filings and have sent them to SPI for
review before submission.  Martin Michlmayr and I will be reviewing
the filings shortly prior to their submission.

Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase
for assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael
is continuing to reach out to various contacts at Chase to resolve the
outstanding wire issues.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter not present.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 13th July 2020

Minutes for this meeting are not yet available.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 10th August 2020

Minutes for this meeting are not yet available.

## Items up for Discussion

None.

## Any other business

Sascha Lucas (sasluc) from the Ganti project queried the progress
towards moving domain names over to gandi.net, the SPI's DNS hosting
provider. Sascha was promised a ping to Tim Potter to update the
ticket.

As the SPI membership website is still being moved to a new hosting
provider, membership requests are now being handled manually via
email.

The board has typically had an in person meeting in NYC in October to
go over treasury and board tasks. Due to logistical issues, this
year's meeting will likely be held virtually. The board needs to start
planning on when to hold the meeting.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday October 12th 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
