[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 11th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* James Pattison (JamesP) from ArduPilot

These are the minutes for the May 11th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-05-11-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and
legal counsel.

I need to work with Stephen and Tim on finalizing the paperwork for
Merrill Lynch - I'll get that sent over ASAP.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Thank you to Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) for stepping up as Assistant Treasurer.
zumbi has processed a large portion of the backlog.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No updates of general interest.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 13th April 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

### Certificate of Incorporation

It was agreed that a redacted copy (for privacy reasons) of the
certificate of incorporation for SPI would be uploaded to the
website. A full copy of the certificate is available upon request.

### Disposition of funds for conference sponsorship

Discussion on the disposition of funds made by large donors for the
purpose of conference sponsorship and whether a SPI fee should be
charged. SPI and Debian to continue discussion and resolution(s) to be
drafted at a later date.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 6th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
