[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 15th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Tom Henderson (tomh_), ns-3

These are the minutes for the December 14th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-12-14-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

The paperwork for Merrill Lynch has been submitted, approved and
processed.  We are working on finalizing online access.

Frost gives apologies for recent email troubles but thanks to
Schultheiss and our IT contractor, these should be resolved now.

We will be working to build a new RT system next.

The membership system should be fully operational now. Any questions
or issues with the new system, please let us know.

We are continuing to work with our existing counsel on the privacy
policy, I'll be following up today to ask about that.  I provided a
response to a questionnaire previously.

We have been introduced to a trademark counsel thanks to our current
counsel and will likely engage with the trademark counsel to be able
to ask questions and potentially have trademarks handled as a matter
of course.

This is an action that the board generally agreed upon via email, but
I'll be providing specifics to the board once I have them.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
SPI's CHAR500 (New York State) filing has been submitted and accepted.
We are verifying with the CPA that SPI's 2019 Form 990 (Federal tax
return) has been submitted.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.

As of this afternoon there's a single ticket in the treasurer-ap queue
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I have been working on configuring our Gandi account to accept
incoming domain transfers.  X.Org and freedesktop.org are the first
ones on the starting block.

Subsequent projects should be much faster and smoother after the first
one or two so I think this is looking good.
</pre>

## Items up for Discussion

No items were discussed.

## Any other business

Jonatas Nogueira mentioned problems with the membership website which
Stephen Frost volunteered to assist with troubleshooting.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday January 11th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
