[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 13th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the July 13th, 2020 SPI Annual General Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-07-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

Report presented by Stephen Frost on behalf of Michael Schultheiss.

<pre>
Our IT contractor continues to work on putting together our new
environment, with a goal to initially move over the more user-facing
bits first (website, et al) to specifically address the TLS/SSL
concerns that have been raised.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Martin Michlmayr thankfully is working with the Auditor, and as far as
i can see finished the report as of today. I am a bit behind with the
reimbursements currently due to personal stuff, but should be able to
work on this during the next weekend.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Thanks to tbm for his timely effort on the annual report and audit
report. It's great to have both of these done (pending final check on
audit) by the AGM.

We have two nominations so far for the two open board seats.  I will
post an update at the end of the week. If no more nominations are
received then we can go forward without an election.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 8th June 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 22nd June 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Any other business

### Annual Report

The [SPI Annual Report for
2019](https://spi-inc.org/corporate/annual-reports/2019.pdf) is
officially available.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 10th 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
