[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 9th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World

These are the minutes for the November 9th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-11-09-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

Merrill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I hope to
have the paperwork finalized early this week - it's mostly complete at
this time.

Frost is excited to report that our IT contractor is very close to
having the members site up and running again after migrating it from a
personal server. The RT server is scheduled for migration next.

Some questions around Ledger access to those projects asking for it
have been followed-up with additional questions but have not been
finalized at this time.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to
the July Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted
to complete SPI's 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state
filing). They have completed the filings and have sent them to SPI for
review before submission.  Martin Michlmayr and I are reviewing the
filings and will submit them to the IRS.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.

</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
The website has been updated to remove Jenkins and add ns-3 as an
associated project. There are still a few tweaks to be done to the
ns-3 page but I have the information for that in hand.

Have made some good progress with X.org towards transferring some
domain names across to Gandi. Hopefully the process will be
streamlined as more domains are moved across.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 12th October 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Items up for Discussion

No items were discussed.

## Any other business

### On-line face-to-face meeting

Support was expressed for a face-to-face meeting to be held online.
Tim Potter volunteered to organise the event.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday December 14th 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
