[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 12th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the October 12th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-10-12-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal
counsel.

Merrill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I'm
working with Stephen and Tim to finalize the paperwork.

We have been unfortunately delayed on getting the member's site back
up due to vacation schedules of both my own and our IT contractors,
but it is still a priority for us and we continue to work to get it
back online.  Until then, there is an email address that can be used
to send questions regarding membership, and/or board@ can be
contacted.

Many thanks to our accounting contractor for reviewing the format
proposed by one of our member projects regarding how to get detailed
information.  I have his comments now and plan to share them with the
board and the member project shortly.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to
the July Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted
to complete SPI's 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state
filing). They have completed the filings and have sent them to SPI for
review before submission.  Martin Michlmayr and I will be reviewing
the filings shortly prior to their submission.

Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase
for assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael
is continuing to reach out to various contacts at Chase to resolve the
outstanding wire issues. At least one of the outstanding troublesome
wire transfers has been completed successfully according to the Chase
representative.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
My apologies for letting minutes get behind a few meetings however we
are up to date again.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 13th July 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 5 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 10th August 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 5 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 14th September 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 5 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Items up for Discussion

### Vote on Resolution 2020-04-13.cl.0: ns-3 as an Associated Project

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

Paul Lyude from the X.org project queried the status of the domain
name transfer process as well as the status of being able to directly
access and query ledger transactions related to the X.org project.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 9th 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
