[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, January 13th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton) (OpenEmbedded)

These are the minutes for the January 13th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-01-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Tremendous thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for his
efforts regarding contracts for SPI's paid contractors.
I met with Merrill Lynch last week and started the process of
opening SPI's money market account with Merrill. Due to the higher rate
of return offered temporarily by Key Bank, our Merrill account will
start out with a smaller amount than originally planned. We can transfer
additional funds once Key's promotional rate expires later this year.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is much lower than it has been in
the recent past.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Due to hardware failure and the holiday period, minutes have not been kept
up to date. This will be rectified by the next meeting.
</pre>

### Resolution 2019-11-22.tp.1: Rescind Board Advisors

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>No</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion vote of 5 yes, 1 no, 0 abstain.

### AWS Agreements for Debian Cloud

In general not an issue to sign the AWS Marketplace Agreement on
behalf of the Debian Cloud Team and also the AWS Govcloud Agreement,
with some uncertainty around the implementation of the US citizen
requirement for Govcloud. No vote was required.

## Any other business

Some minor discussions of work-in-progress were had.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 10th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
