[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 10th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the February 10th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-02-10-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, met with our new IT contractor at
FOSDEM earlier this month. We are finalizing the contract details
and hope to have him onboarded soon.

SPI's Merrill Lynch account opening has taken longer than expected
due to some additional paperwork needs. The wire transfer for the
opening balance was processed last week. Due to the higher rate
of return offered temporarily by Key Bank, our Merrill account is
starting out with a smaller amount than originally planned. We can
transfer additional funds once Key's promotional rate expires later
this year.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is much lower than it has been in
the recent past.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I have completed and am up to date with all the minutes including the
face to face.

Still to do is following up on the action items generated at the f2f
meeting.  Hopefully that should not take long and I'll be contacting
people individually to sort that out.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Face-to-Face meeting November 2019

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 9th December 2019

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes/td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 13th January 2020

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Abstain/td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain.

## Any other business

None.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 9th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
