[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 8th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the June 8th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-06-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and
legal counsel. As I understand it, we are close to resolving the
contract issues with our pending contractors.

I'll be reaching out to Stephen Frost and Timothy Potter this week
to finalize the setup of our Merrill Lynch account.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
Thank you to Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) for stepping up as Assistant Treasurer.
zumbi has processed a large portion of the backlog.

I had a conference call with SPI's new business representative at Chase bank.
She will be our point of contact for issues with the bank going forward. She'll
reach out to various departments internally so we don't have to wait on hold
for hours to reach those departments via the public phone tree.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.

Additionally, we are in the process of working on auditing SPI's 2019 books
and completing our 2019 tax filings with the IRS and New York State.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter not present.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 11th May 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.

## Any other business

### DebConf and SPI 5%

Discussion on the disposition of funds made by large donors for the
purpose of conference sponsorship and whether a SPI fee should be
charged. SPI and Debian to continue discussion and resolution(s) to be
drafted at a later date.

A formal resolution resolving this matter is to be drafted at a later
meeting.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 22nd 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
