[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 10th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the August 10th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-08-10-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal
counsel.

Merrill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I'm
working with Stephen and Tim to finalize the paperwork this week.

The biggest thing is that we will be migrating the website to new
hosting here very soon(tm) We want to check into some things that
board members have reported regarding the new site (thanks!)  Once the
main site has been migrated, we will move to migrating members and
bringing that back up I've got the database from noodles (thanks!) and
we should have that back up real soon now(tm).
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to
the July Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted
to complete SPI's 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state
filing). They have completed the filings and have sent them to SPI for
review before submission.

Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase
for assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael
will reach out again if he doesn't hear anything early this week.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter not present.

## Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 13th July 2020

Minutes for this meeting are not yet available.

## Items up for Discussion

### Board Election Results

The 2020 SPI board election has now completed and we are pleased to
announce the results as follows. The following members are appointed
to the SPI board:

* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Tim Potter (tpot)

The following members are thanked for running:

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

Full results are available at:
[https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/votes/2020-board-election/](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/votes/2020-board-election/).

### Officer Elections

The August SPI board meeting features officer elections. SPI officers
consist of:

* President
* Vice-President
* Secretary
* Treasurer

The current officers are Michael Schultheiss (President), Stephen
Frost (Vice President), Timothy Potter (Secretary), and Martin
Zobel-Helas (Treasurer).

All current officers have expressed interest in re-running. No other
SPI directors were interested in running for an officer position.

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

Happiness was expressed by Stephen Frost with progress and
responsiveness with our current set of contractors and legal counsel.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday September 14th 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
