[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 9th, 2020

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva) on behalf of Pascal Beauchamp (The Mana
  World)

These are the minutes for the March 9th, 2020 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2020/2020-03-09-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and
legal counsel.

SPI's Merrill Lynch account has been opened but additional paperwork
is needed to finalize the setup. I'll be reaching out to Stephen Frost
to obtain the needed information (Merrill Lynch is requiring US citizens
for the forms).
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No updates.
</pre>

## Any other business

Some discussion about DNS hosting and application process for the Ganeti
project was had.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday April 13th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
