[[!meta title="Resolution 2022-06-13.mcs.4: The MPI Forum as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2022-06-13.tmp.1: MPI Forum as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. The MPI Forum is a substantial and significant Free Software
project. The MPI Forum is responsible for the Message Passing
Interface standard, the most common way to communicate between
processes in high performance computing. The Forum works very closely
with and is responsible for organizing the EuroMPI conference, a
users’ group meeting which includes academic papers, invited talks,
panel discussions, and other venues for discussing MPI,

2. The MPI Forum developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including accepting donations and holding funds. They are also
interested in SPI holding trademarks on behalf of the MPI Forum.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. The MPI Forum is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at [https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/)

4. Brian Smith is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for the MPI Forum.  Successors will be appointed by
a blind vote of the MPI Forum core team. Should there be a lack of
agreement on a successor due to a tie, the current liaison will cast a
vote to break the tie. Should the current liaison be unreachable to
break the tie, the SPI board or a representative will break the tie in
any manner they choose.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for The MPI Forum is missing in action,
and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the
associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
