[[!meta title="Resolution 2022-08-08.tmp.1: Battle for Wesnoth as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [August 8, 2022](/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-08-08/).

# Resolution 2022-08-08.tmp.1: Battle for Wesnoth as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. The Battle for Wesnoth is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
   The Battle for Wesnoth is an open source, turn-based strategy game with a high
   fantasy theme. It features both singleplayer and online/hotseat multiplayer
   combat. The game also allows its users to create their own "campaigns" and make
   them publicly available, as well as collaborating with the core team to expand
   the open source gaming ecosystem.

2. The Battle for Wesnoth developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including taking donations, legal assistance and holding assets and trademarks.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. The Battle for Wesnoth is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Brian Kirkwood is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
   and SPI liaison for The Battle for Wesnoth. Successors will be appointed
   by the Battle for Wesnoth's Board of Directors.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for The Battle for Wesnoth is missing in action,
   and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the associated
   project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith discretion,
   proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more other SPI associated
   projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept the project's assets and
   use them for a similar purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified
   destination or destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer
   can be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI general
   fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
   the SPI Board.
