[[!meta title="Platform for David Graham"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# David Graham

My name is David de Burgh Graham, better known as cdlu. I am currently
the Chairman of the <a href="http://www.oftc.net/">Open and Free
Technology Community</a>, an SPI member project, and a contributing
member of SPI.

I was born and raised in rural Quebec and speak both English and French
fluently. I attended high school at Northfield Mount Hermon School in
Northfield, Massachusetts. It was there that I was introduced to and
developed a passionate interest for open source and free software
related matters. Since then, I have attended university and spent two
years working as a news feed editor at NewsForge, an OSDN site. I also
spent nearly two years as a staff member on OpenProjects.net.

More recently, I joined together with a small group of people to
establish the Open and Free Technology Community (OFTC), a development
resource project centred around IRC. OFTC boasts a democratic core and a
constitution-based political structure.

OFTC's [Network Operations Committee](http://www.oftc.net/staff/#noc) meets
weekly. My primary role on OFTC is to chair these weekly meetings and ensure
that they run reasonably smoothly and that the items on our agenda are covered
or deferred as needed.

OFTC's [constitution](http://www.oftc.net/policy/constitution/) is enforced by
SPI, and it is in this manner that I have become involved with SPI's workings.
It is my belief that SPI needs some measure of reform, and I intend to pursue
these goals on SPI's newly established by-law review committee.

Within the board, I believe some non by-law reforms can and should take
place, and I intend to go after these changes with some vigour. Among
these changes would be the automatic removal of delinquent board members
to ensure the smooth running of the organisation, and a smoother flow
through the agenda at meeting time.

I believe that it is the responsibility of the board to be fully
answerable to the membership and the organisation's member projects.

I would be honoured to serve on the board. As a member of the board, my
pledge to the organisation would be to uphold these values and the values
of the organisation, to make available the time to attend meetings, and
to participate actively within the board.

Thank you.

David Graham

[cdlu@pkl.net](mailto:cdlu@pkl.net)

