# Jimmy Kaplowitz

### Statement

My name is Jimmy Kaplowitz. (Or, for legal purposes, I am James
Kaplowitz.) On Freenode and OFTC, I use the nickname Hydroxide.
I am 19 years old and from New York City. I am currently in
college at Brown University in Providence, RI, USA, planning to
major in CS. I have formerly been employed at a NYC-area ISP,
doing various things including PHP/Perl web development and
UNIX/Linux sysadmin work.  I started using Linux exclusively in
August 1998 and I joined Debian in May 2001. For Debian I have
done a few things, most notably implementing the
mostly-completed PowerPC support for PGI, the Progeny Graphical
Installer for Debian. In the last few weeks I have been helping
to improve GnuCash, including its OFX support library, LibOFX,
which was formerly broken on big-endian machines. I also do user
support on #debian as time permits.  At Brown, even though I am
a freshman, I have already started a Linux Users Group here
(which has a 
[fledgling and slightly outdated website](http://blug.brown.edu/)),
and we are working closely with
the IT people on many projects, including the establishment of
email and web kiosks around campus, which we hope to have
running Linux.

SPI has a lot of potential to make waves in the world of
software. SPI's certificate of incorporation outlines lots of
goals and purposes for which the corporation was ostensibly
formed, many of which go beyond SPI's traditional purpose of
serving as a legal umbrella and donations recipient for free
software projects. For example, many of them involve educating
the public on how to use computers, computer systems, the
Internet, free software, etc. I have personally done this sort
of tutoring as a volunteer with Windows and MacOS, and while
even continuing that through SPI would enhance the general
public's computer literacy and generally be a good thing, it
would be wonderful to hold educational events as they pertain to
Linux and free software as well. I would be willing to
personally devote some time to leading or serving on a committee
to look at ways that SPI could fulfil some more of its stated
purposes than it is currently fulfilling.

Despite the above, I understand that SPI cannot shirk its core
role of steward for Debian, OFTC, and all the other affiliated
projects it represents. That must be its most essential mission,
and I am dedicated to that and will help further that as a board
member.

Second to a love of free software and a sharp brain, the most
important thing that a board member of SPI needs is time to be
actively involved by attending meetings, to help prevent a
recurrence of the recent period in which the board repeatedly
failed to make quorum.  (Congratulations to them for getting
past that!) I have the necessary available time. A college
schedule like mine provides much free time, especially on
weekends but also on afternoons and evenings, and if I know in
advance when a meeting is I can certainly work it into my
schedule. I will endeavor to be in attendance in all the
meetings except in those rare cases where I have an unavoidable
conflict, in which case I will try my best to notify the board
in advance.

Right now, SPI membership is just barely beginning to mean more
than a subscription to spi-private, with the call for this board
member election and the creation of the bylaws committee through
an open call for nominations. We should continue this trend by
striving to involve the members as much as possible, so that we
can receive their input and ideas. This would involve more use
of the public and members-only mailing lists, wherever it
wouldn't violate confidentiality. I am thinking now of Nils
Lohner's message to spi-general when membership was first
introduced, and we need to again ask the members what they want
the board to be doing.

I would be honored to serve as an SPI board member, and I hope
that I am given the chance.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
