[[!meta title="Platform for Scott Dier"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Scott Dier

I'm Scott Dier.  I live in Coon Rapids, Minnesota in the United States
near Minneapolis, Minnesota.  I'm a full time Systems Administrator at
the University of Minnesota, Computer Science Department.  I've been
working with computers and teaching myself since I was in the 5th grade
starting with a 286/12.  Since then, I happened to become a Linux user
and a Free Software advocate.  I've had experience assisting in
administrating educational computing environments since 1997, beginning
with volunteering my time to assist the high school I attended at the
time, Maple Grove Sr. High.  Since graduating I've been part of a staff
that supports a research and educational computing environment at the
Computer Science Department.

I've been using Linux since 1998.  I am also a Debian Developer, now
managing a few small packages.  However, I currently do some work on
Progeny's autoinstall package and do plan on releasing patches as soon
as I've found some time at work to test them properly.  I've helped
Debian host a mirror server at the University and keep it running.  I do
use Linux 'full time' on my personal computing devices.  I've been
maintaining destiny.ringworld.org with some of my best friends for the
past few years.

I understand the largest issue is that some people are unable to attend
the meetings.  I'm a married man, so that does mean that family issues
trump everything, I hope any organization understands this.  However, we
currently do not have any children, nor do we currently have plans for
any in the near future.  Otherwise, I do have a few hobbies on the side,
mostly concerning maintaining a colocated server (destiny.ringworld.org)
and more recently I received an amateur radio license.  However, even
with these other interests, I strongly feel that the future of SPI can
only be moved forward by responsive board members that are available for
routine functions.  I will be available for these functions.

I've learned a bit the last few years on how to work with others in
group environments on technical issues.  I think those experiences have
helped me build skills in debating civilly over multiple options.  I've
also spent the last couple years in particular observing the social and
political workings multiple free software projects.  I've constantly
been interested in not only the code, but in the people and actions
behind the code.  I'm very interested in working on the SPI board to
help make decisions to forward the prevalence of free computing
environments.

Involving the membership, for me, would probably be best by making sure
the membership is informed.  A newsletter every quarter distilling the
current happenings outside of the minutes might be useful to help
catalyze projects.  I don't think SPI should change drastically and
start creating projects before they have a reason to attach themselves
to a legal body, however.  I think that SPI should remain as an open
door for projects and help them with some of their legal needs.  I do
think the recent additions of GNU TeXmacs and OFTC illustrate that the
community is aware of SPI and will ask for support when required.  My
view is that SPI does exist to help further catalyze projects when they
reach the barrier of requiring a legal entity.

I feel that I am a good candidate for the SPI board. I am willing
to dedicate the time to show up for meetings and participate in votes.
My knowledge of the free software community is enough to have a grasp on
issues ahead.  My experience in group administration environments have
built my skills for working with others and coming up with the best
solutions available while keeping an open mind.

