[[!meta title="Resolution 2002-10-08.mgs: Supporting the eCos project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2002-10-08.mgs: Supporting the eCos project

October 8th, 2002

The resolution below has been accepted and approved during mail voting
of the Board of Directors of Software in the Public Interest,
Inc. ("SPI") on November 12th, 2002.

The [eCos project](http://sources.redhat.com/ecos/) produces an Open
Source Real-Time Operating System (RTOS). It has an active
development and user community, and although the last "official"
release was under the Red Hat eCos Public License (RHEPL), all the
code is now licensed under the GNU General Public License, with a
special exception granting additional permissions. (This exception is
to make eCos more suitable for the embedded environment it is intended
to operate in.)

The Board resolves to accept eCos as an SPI supported project; the
Board will accept donations earmarked for eCos and hold these funds in
trust, if eCos so requests. SPI will use any such funds to pay for
expenses accrued by the eCos project, provided such expenses are in
accordance with SPI's legal obligations under its corporate charter.

---

Personal note from Martin 'Joey' Schulze (current vice-president of SPI):
The eCos project is still talking to Red Hat and asked
whether SPI would be prepared to adopt the eCos project. Therefore,
this resolution is something like a letter of intent to adopt the eCos
project if they like to be adopted.

