[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 11th June, 2018

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
June 11th, 2018, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. Monday, 14th May 2018
7. Items up for discussion
   1. IT plan
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: July 9th, 2018, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
I'm concerned that payments haven't been processed the last few weeks
and that a backlog is building up again.  There also hasn't been much
progress on the treasurer report for 2017.  Finance is our core area
and we have to do better.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## F2F Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* Review Amendment section today for clarity after the bylaws are passed
* Write resolution describing process to establish adhoc committees
* Write terms of reference for sysadmin adhoc committee
* Generate list of domain names owned by SPI
* Meet with Sabrina to discuss expanding her duties
* Develop an infrastructure refresh plan
* Sysadmin information organizing/state assessment/future plan
* Document access control and password management

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* Once bylaw draft is finalized with Mishi, will create summary of changes and email out to members. Goal for board vote soon after that, followed by inactive member cleanup and then a member vote.

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Provide written feedback to Sabrina on her work

Valerie Young

* Follow up with terms of reference for membership committee
* Put in future agenda (February) decide to go through and organize resolutions (active/inactive)

Martin Michlmayr

* Propose resolution to revoke Board Advisor role
* Contact/query potential defunct projects
* Ask the auditor of Software Freedom Conservancy for consultation
  * Ledger audit questions: one transaction per receipt or per reimbursement
  * chart of accounts
  * approval process?
  * expense policy, what should be in it
  * what other policies do we need
  * internal controls
  * possibly review of financial statements
  * what does it take to get from here to get to state we can pass an audit?
  * frequency of audits
  * new york source fund -- if we have more the $25,000 income from NY state, state law requires yearly review or audit

