[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 12th March, 2018

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
March 12th, 2018, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 12th February 2018](../../../minutes/2018/2018-02-12/)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2018-03-09.mm.1: R. Tyler Croy as interim director
   2. Review of old resolutions
   3. Responding to SPI new project inquiries
   4. BitPay
   5. Action Item Review
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: April 9th, 2018, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-03-09.mm.1: R. Tyler Croy as interim director

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. A vacancy on the SPI board of directors exists due to the resignation
of Joerg Jaspert.

2. R. Tyler Croy has sufficient time, interest, motivation, and
experience to usefully assist SPI over the remainder of the current
board term.

3. Tyler is available to attend most or all of the remaining board
meetings in the current term; and

4. Tyler has confirmed that he is willing to accept this appointment;

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. R. Tyler Croy is hereby appointed as an interim member of the SPI
board of directors, beginning at the conclusion of the March 2018 board
meeting and continuing until the conclusion of the July 2018 SPI board
elections.
</pre>

## Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* Review Amendment section today for clarity after the bylaws are passed
* Write resolution describing process to establish adhoc committees
* Write terms of reference for sysadmin adhoc committee
* Generate list of domain names owned by SPI
* Meet with Sabrina to discuss expanding her duties
* Develop an infrastructure refresh plan
* Sysadmin information organizing/state assessment/future plan
* Document access control and password management

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* Email Mishi with our answers to her questions about bylaws so that she can make a new draft.
* <s>Check with Ian Jackson on the wording re: membership, as he has expressed concerns before</s>
* Will create summary of changes and email out to members along with final draft from Mishi. Goal to vote on board in November/December. General vote January/February.
* Document relationship between SPI and Member Projects

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Provide written feedback to Sabrina on her work

Valerie Young

* Follow up with terms of reference for membership committee
* Put in future agenda (February) decide to go through and organize resolutions (active/inactive)
* (or Martin Zobel-Helas) Prominently advertise twitter on the website
* <s>Generate a code of conduct</s>

Martin Michlmayr

* Propose resolution to revoke Board Advisor role
* Contact/query potential defunct projects
* (or Valerie Young) Create a sponsor/thank you page
  * thanks for supporting SPI operations:
    * SFLC
    * Bytemark
    * Mythic Beasts
    * Craigslist Charitable Fund
    * Google
  * link also to "thank you" pages that associated projects have
* Ask Valessio Brito for logo suggestions and report backdrop
* Ask the auditor of Software Freedom Conservancy for consultation
  * Ledger audit questions: one transaction per receipt or per reimbursement
  * chart of accounts
  * approval process?
  * expense policy, what should be in it
  * what other policies do we need
  * internal controls
  * possibly review of financial statements
  * what does it take to get from here to get to state we can pass an audit?
  * frequency of audits
  * new york source fund -- if we have more the $25,000 income from NY state, state law requires yearly review or audit

Tim Potter

* Fix address in reimbursement form

