# Meeting agenda for Monday 9th April, 2018

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
April 9th, 2018, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 12th March 2018](../../../minutes/2018/2018-03-12/)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. IT plan
   2. GitHub
   3. 2017 annual report
   4. Updating the Reimbursement PDF
   5. F2F Action Item Review
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: May 14th, 2018, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
I'm very happy to see the great progress with reimbursements and
treasurer reports.  As far as I can tell, there's not a single
reimbursement outstanding where we're not waiting for information!
Thanks to Martin Zobel-Helas and Michael Schultheiss for making this
happen.  I'd also like to thank everyone who work on the treasurer
report, in particular Martin but also Michael and Tim Potter, who
helped with the PayPal import script.

I'm also happy to see that Joerg Jaspert continues to help on the IT
side after stepping down from the board.  Jimmy Kaplowitz continues to
work on the new by-laws and we're currently waiting on SFLC.

Personally, I spent time interacting with existing and potential
projects, worked on the annual report, and performed some triage work on
RT.  I was able to acquire the "SPI" organization on GitHub but we have
to discuss whether we want to use it actively.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## F2F Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* Review Amendment section today for clarity after the bylaws are passed
* Write resolution describing process to establish adhoc committees
* Write terms of reference for sysadmin adhoc committee
* Generate list of domain names owned by SPI
* Meet with Sabrina to discuss expanding her duties
* Develop an infrastructure refresh plan
* Sysadmin information organizing/state assessment/future plan
* Document access control and password management

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* <s>Email Mishi with our answers to her questions about bylaws so that she can make a new draft.</s>
* <s>Check with Ian Jackson on the wording re: membership, as he has expressed concerns before</s>
* <s>Will create summary of changes and email out to members along with final draft from Mishi. Goal to vote on board in November/December. General vote January/February.</s>
* Document relationship between SPI and Member Projects

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Provide written feedback to Sabrina on her work

Valerie Young

* Follow up with terms of reference for membership committee
* Put in future agenda (February) decide to go through and organize resolutions (active/inactive)
* (or Martin Zobel-Helas) Prominently advertise twitter on the website
* <s>Generate a code of conduct</s>

Martin Michlmayr

* Propose resolution to revoke Board Advisor role
* Contact/query potential defunct projects
* <s>(or Valerie Young) Create a sponsor/thank you page</s>
  * <s>thanks for supporting SPI operations:</s>
    * SFLC
    * Bytemark
    * Mythic Beasts
    * Craigslist Charitable Fund
    * Google
  * <s>link also to "thank you" pages that associated projects have</s>
* <s>Ask Valessio Brito for logo suggestions and report backdrop</s>
* Ask the auditor of Software Freedom Conservancy for consultation
  * Ledger audit questions: one transaction per receipt or per reimbursement
  * chart of accounts
  * approval process?
  * expense policy, what should be in it
  * what other policies do we need
  * internal controls
  * possibly review of financial statements
  * what does it take to get from here to get to state we can pass an audit?
  * frequency of audits
  * new york source fund -- if we have more the $25,000 income from NY state, state law requires yearly review or audit

Tim Potter

* Fix address in reimbursement form

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
