[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 10th September, 2018

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
September 10th, 2018, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 11th June 2018](../../../minutes/2018/2018-06-11/)
   2. [Monday, 9th July 2018](../../../minutes/2018/2018-07-09/)
   2. [Monday, 13th August 2018](../../../minutes/2018/2018-08-13/)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. IT plan
   2. Face-to-face meeting update
   3. Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project
   4. Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1: systemd as associated project
   5. Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1: Establishing additional SPI bank accounts
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: October 8th, 2018, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The HeliOS Project became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. The HeliOS Project rescued computers and rebuilt/refurbished them and
gave them to disadvantaged Central Texas children.

3. The HeliOS Project no longer exists as a standalone project and its
activities have been taken on by the Reglue project.

4. SPI doesn't hold any assets on behalf of the HeliOS Project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The HeliOS Project will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of the HeliOS
Project.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations the HeliOS Project may
have.  We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask
anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1: systemd as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. systemd is a substantial and significant Free Software project,
currently serving as the default init system for most major GNU/Linux
distributions including SPI associated projects Debian, Arch Linux, and
aptosid.

2. The systemd developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including accepting donations, holding funds, and holding intangible
assets.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. systemd is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Lennart Poettering is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for systemd. The SPI liaison for systemd may name
arbitrary members of the systemd project as successors and delegates.

3. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1: Establishing additional SPI bank accounts

<pre>
WHEREAS
1. SPI's deposits on hand at its current banks are approaching the limit
   of FDIC insured funds.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The Treasurer is authorized to open new checking, savings, and other
   accounts for Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (SPI) at additional
   financial institutions to meet the financial needs of SPI.

2. The signatories on the account will include the following:
   James R. Kaplowitz (President)
   Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
   Martin Zobel-Helas (Director)
</pre>

## Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* Review Amendment section today for clarity after the bylaws are passed
* Write resolution describing process to establish adhoc committees
* Write terms of reference for sysadmin adhoc committee
* Generate list of domain names owned by SPI
* Meet with Sabrina to discuss expanding her duties
* Develop an infrastructure refresh plan
* Sysadmin information organizing/state assessment/future plan
* Document access control and password management

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* Once bylaw draft is finalized with Mishi, will create summary of changes and email out to members. Goal for board vote soon after that, followed by inactive member cleanup and then a member vote.

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Provide written feedback to Sabrina on her work

Valerie Young

* Follow up with terms of reference for membership committee

Martin Michlmayr

* Propose resolution to revoke Board Advisor role
* Ask the auditor of Software Freedom Conservancy for consultation
  * Ledger audit questions: one transaction per receipt or per reimbursement
  * chart of accounts
  * approval process?
  * expense policy, what should be in it
  * what other policies do we need
  * internal controls
  * possibly review of financial statements
  * what does it take to get from here to get to state we can pass an audit?
  * frequency of audits
  * new york source fund -- if we have more the $25,000 income from NY state, state law requires yearly review or audit

