[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 13th August, 2018

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
August 13th, 2018, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. Monday, 11th June 2018
   2. Monday, 9th July 2018
7. Appointment of board officers
8. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project
   2. Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.1: Removal of OSUNIX as an associated project
   3. Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.2: Removal of Path64 as an associated project
   4. Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.3: Removal of TideSDK as an associated project
   5. Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.4: Removal of Fresco as an associated project
   5. Resolution 2018-08-10.mm.1: Removal of Open64 as an associated project
   6. IT plan
9. Any other business
10. Next board meeting: September 10th, 2018, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. MadWifi became an Associated Project of SPI in 2008.

2. The goal of the MadWifi project was to coordinate development of
   the Atheros drivers for Linux.

3. The MadWifi driver has been obsoleted by ath5k and ath9k, which are
   both part of the Linux kernel now.  Development of these drivers is
   taken care of by the Linux kernel programmers.

4. The MadWifi project is no longer active.

5. Donations to the MadWifi project were made to improve Atheros and
   wireless support for Linux.

5. The MadWifi project has voted to transfer its assets held by SPI
   to the OpenWrt project.  OpenWrt performs significant work on
   improving wireless support for Linux.

6. While the MadWifi project is no longer active, they would like to
   preserve the domain name and web site for historical purposes.

7. The OpenWrt project has agreed to take on stewardship of the assets
   previously intended for MadWifi.  The OpenWrt project has confirmed
   that it intends to preserve the MadWifi domain name(s) and
   website(s) as long as they are deemed relevant.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. MadWifi will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of MadWifi.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money, domain names, and
   any future donations, held by SPI on behalf of MadWifi, will
   henceforth be held on behalf of OpenWrt.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations MadWifi may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask
   anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this
   resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.1: Removal of OSUNIX as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. OSUNIX became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. The goal of OSUNIX was to be the first entirely open source
   OpenSolaris technology distribution.

3. OSUNIX is no longer active.

4. Donations to OSUNIX were made to improve open source OpenSolaris
   technologies.

5. OSUNIX project liaison Christopher Bergström has decided to transfer
   funds held by SPI to the OpenZFS project, another SPI Associated
   Project based on technology from OpenSolaris.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. OSUNIX will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of OSUNIX.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of OSUNIX, will henceforth be held
   on behalf of OpenZFS.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations OSUNIX may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.2: Removal of Path64 as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Path64 became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. Path64 was the open source community version of PathScale's
   compiler.

3. The Path64 project is no longer active.

4. Path64 project liaison Christopher Bergström has decided to transfer
   funds held by SPI to the OpenZFS project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Path64 will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Path64.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of Path64, will henceforth be held
   on behalf of OpenZFS.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Path64 may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.3: Removal of TideSDK as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. TideSDK became an Associated Project of SPI in 2012.

2. TideSDK was an HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript framework.

3. The TideSDK project is no longer active.

4. SPI made several unsuccessful attempts to contact project liaison
   David Pratt.

5. SPI could not locate anyone from the TideSDK project team.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. TideSDK will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of TideSDK.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of TideSDK, will henceforth be moved
   to SPI's general fund.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations TideSDK may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.4: Removal of Fresco as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Fresco is an Associated Project of SPI.

2. Fresco (originally named the Berlin Project) was a windowing system
   derived from a powerful structured graphics toolkit originally based
   on InterViews.

3. The Fresco project is no longer active.

4. SPI doesn't hold any assets on behalf of the Fresco project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Fresco will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Fresco.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Fresco may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Resolution 2018-08-10.mm.1: Removal of Open64 as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Open64 became an Associated Project of SPI in 2011.

2. Open64 is an open source compiler based on Pro64.

3. SPI does not currently hold any funds or other assets for Open64.

4. SPI has not provided any services to Open64 in several years.

5. Open64 project representative Aida Rivas and Shin-Ming Liu agree
   with the termination of the relationship between SPI and Open64.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Open64 will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Open64.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Open64 may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Action Item Review

Luca Filipozzi

* Review Amendment section today for clarity after the bylaws are passed
* Write resolution describing process to establish adhoc committees
* Write terms of reference for sysadmin adhoc committee
* Generate list of domain names owned by SPI
* Meet with Sabrina to discuss expanding her duties
* Develop an infrastructure refresh plan
* Sysadmin information organizing/state assessment/future plan
* Document access control and password management

Jimmy Kaplowitz

* Once bylaw draft is finalized with Mishi, will create summary of changes and email out to members. Goal for board vote soon after that, followed by inactive member cleanup and then a member vote.

Martin Zobel-Helas

* Provide written feedback to Sabrina on her work

Valerie Young

* Follow up with terms of reference for membership committee
* Put in future agenda (February) decide to go through and organize resolutions (active/inactive)

Martin Michlmayr

* Propose resolution to revoke Board Advisor role
* Contact/query potential defunct projects
* Ask the auditor of Software Freedom Conservancy for consultation
  * Ledger audit questions: one transaction per receipt or per reimbursement
  * chart of accounts
  * approval process?
  * expense policy, what should be in it
  * what other policies do we need
  * internal controls
  * possibly review of financial statements
  * what does it take to get from here to get to state we can pass an audit?
  * frequency of audits
  * new york source fund -- if we have more the $25,000 income from NY state, state law requires yearly review or audit

