# Board Meeting, January 16th, 2008

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Luk Claes (luk)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)


__Board members absent__

* Josh Berkus (jberkus)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Mario Iseli (tiCo)
* Rico Gloeckner (mc)
* Kare Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* MJ Ray (slef)


These are the draft minutes for the January 16th, 2008 SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2008/2008-01-16-log.txt)


## President's Report

Just after the start of the year, several board members discussed on IRC the
process for gathering together the information for our 2007 annual report, took
assignments to deliver the various components, and moved the work in process
and some historical documents to online shared version control.  A key
component that is not ready yet is a financial report, I also have content to
deliver. I think we're on track to deliver a 2007 report towards the end of
this month, almost certainly before our next board meeting.


## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss is working on a report for our status as of December 31,
2007. He's also planning on contacting our accountants to get recommendations
about bookkeepers so we can more easily generate reports. Joerg Jaspert should
know the status of floyd, Michael will liaise with him. Our CPA has finished
our tax return for 2006 and it's just awaiting Michael's signature and
submission to the IRS.


## Secretary's Report

No specific mail received to secretary@


## Outstanding Minutes

One set of minutes was raised for approval this meeting:

Neil McGovern moved to approve the December 19th, 2007 minutes, seconded by
Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
	<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.1 - Madwifi as an associated project

Neil McGovern moved to approve resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.1 - Madwifi as an
associated project, seconded by David Graham.

<table><tbody>
	<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.



## Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.2 - Adding Paysimple as a payment provider

Neil McGovern moved to approve resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.2 - Adding
Paysimple as a payment provider, seconded by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
	<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.3 - Removal of wxWidgets</h1>

David Graham moved to approve resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.3 - Removal of
wxWidgets, seconded by Joshua D. Drake.

<table><tbody>
	<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
	<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Discussion of Josh Berkus's board member status

Josh Berkus has indicated to the board that his future schedule might make it
difficult to attend board meetings, and volunteered to step down from the board
if that would help ensure we meet quorum. A reading of the bylaws indicates
that it would make no difference to our quorum requirements.

Joshua D. Drake queried adding an additional member, but this would increase
quorum requirements.

Neil McGovern is to call for interest to the membership, to be discussed by the
board for appointment next meeting as an interim board member replacing Josh
Berkus.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, February 20th, 2007 at 19:00 UTC in
#spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.1 - Madwifi as an associated project

Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.2 - Adding Paysimple as a payment provider

Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.3 - Removal of wxWidgets

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
