[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 19th, 2008

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Luk Claes (luk)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)

__Board members partially present__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* (none)

__Board members absent__

* (none)

__Board advisors present__

* Sam Hocevar (Debian Project Leader)

__Registered guests present__

* MJ Ray (slef)
* Julien Cristau (jcristau)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)


## President's Report

Bdale stated there is nothing to report.


## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss presented an informal report. The data entry system
has been moved to an SPI machine and he is currently working on new
accounting software. He hopes to have a proper treasurer report by the
April meeting.

Current balances:
checking  			$16,229.31
savings: 			$126,230.68
Ameriprise investment account:	~$13,000


## Secretary's Report

No specific mail received to secretary@

We got a request for our 1023: Michael Schultheiss is working with the
Internal Revenue Service to get it. He expects a status update from
Internal Revenue Service before the April meeting.


## Outstanding Minutes

Two outstanding, but not ready for voting on.


## Items up for discussion

### New board member

postponed


### Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.2: Fixing the Debian Open Use Logo License

The resolution is to relicense the open use logo variant that does not
include the 'Debian' text. Luk stated that he doesn't see why the
copyright notice and permission notice has to be included when the logo
is used. Bdale pointed out that if there are other changes that should be
made for the other logo variants, they can be handled through additional
resolutions in the future. Neil McGovern moved to vote, seconded by Joshua D.
Drake and Michael Schultheiss.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 2


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, April 16th, 2008 at 19:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2008-02-27]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>


## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

### Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.2: Fixing the Debian Open Use Logo License

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The Board, at its May 18, 2007 meeting, acknowledged the
Debian Project's relicensing its logos to meet the Debian Free Software
Guidelines, conditional upon legal approval by SPI's counsel;

2. SPI's legal counsel, as reported at the Board's June 18, 2007
meeting, suggested some limitations to the relicensing for the purpose
of retaining enforceable trademark rights in the word "Debian"; and

3. This modified relicensing plan is amenable to the Board and
to the Debian Project Leader but has not previously been put into
effect;

THE BOARD RESOLVES that:

1. Subject to paragraph 2 below, the Debian open use logo depicting a
red swirl is hereby relicensed under the following terms, where in the          phrase "this software and associated documentation files", the subphrase
"this software" shall refer to the logo itself:

      Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
      obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
      files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
      including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
      publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
      and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
      subject to the following conditions:

      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
      included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
      KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
      WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
      NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
      BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
      AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
      IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
      THE SOFTWARE.

2. This relicensing shall only apply to the version of the Debian open
use logo which does not include the trademarked word "debian".
</pre>

