[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 17th, 2008

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
* Luk Claes (luk_)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* David Graham (cdlu)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)


__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Not recorded


These are the draft minutes for the December 17th, 2008 SPI Board meeting, held
at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2008/2008-12-17-log.txt)

## President's Report

There was no President's report.

## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following report.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period November 01, 2008 - November 30, 2008

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           6,741.03
        Freedesktop.org                     10.00
        Gallery                            160.00
        Madwifi.org                         90.00
        OpenOffice.org                       5.26
        PostgreSQL                         850.26
        SPI General                        399.00
        SPI 5%                             140.31

        Total Ordinary Income            8,395.86
                                         --------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          98.54

        Total Interest Income               98.54
                                            -----

   Gross Income                          8,494.40
                                         --------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          Processing Fees          17.57
          SPI 5%                   86.17

          Total Debian Exp        103.74
                                  ------

        Freedesktop.org
          Equipment             1,319.97
          Processing Fees           0.40
          SPI 5%                    0.48

          Total FDO Exp         1,320.85
                                --------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           4.84
          SPI 5%                    7.76

          Total Gallery Exp        12.60
                                   -----

        GNOME
          Transfer to GNOME Found  20.00

          Total GNOME Exp          20.00
                                   -----


        Madwifi.org
          Processing Fees           3.60
          SPI 5%                    4.32

          Total Madwifi.org Exp     7.92
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org
          Processing Fees           0.21
          SPI 5%                    0.25

          Total OpenOffice.org Exp  0.46
                                    ----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees          23.79
          SPI 5%                   41.32
          Travel Reimbursement  1,873.20

          Total PostgreSQL Exp  1,938.31
                                --------

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Office Supplies          20.32
          Postage                  18.70
          Transaction Fees         28.30

          Total SPI Exp            97.27
                                   -----

        Tux4Kids
          Travel Reimbursement    474.95

          Total T4K Exp           474.95
                                  ------

        Total Expenses          3,976.10
                                --------

        Net Income              4,518.30
                                ========

Balance Sheet as of November 30, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      33,417.23
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,878.16
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,336.39

     Total Current Assets                                144,631.78

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          144,631.78


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    80,575.27
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,974.69
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,004.11
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,185.32
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                11,919.46
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   3,325.05

        Total held in trust                              115,203.10

        General reserves                                  29,428.68

     Total Equity                                        144,631.78

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            144,631.78
</pre>

## Secretary's Report

Joerg Jaspert repeated the following report which Jimmy Kaplowitz had provided
in the agenda.

<pre>
I am in the process of arranging an online meeting for this upcoming weekend
(Dec 20th or 21st) including SPI site administrator Joerg Jaspert, website
volunteer MJ Ray, and me to discuss plans for moving forward with the website
overhaul. There should be more news on this front in time for the January
secretary's report.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes

David Graham moved to reapprove the October 15th, 2008 minutes, amended to note
David Graham's presence in the attendance list. Bdale Garbee seconded the
motion.


Vote on October 15th, 2008 minutes
<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1.



Joerg Jaspert moved to approve the November 19th, 2008 minutes. David Graham
seconded the motion.


Vote on November 19th, 2008 minutes

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2008-12-17.bg.1 - Privoxy as associated project

Nobody on the board who was present at the meeting objected to voting on this
resolution despite the late notice of its text, for which Bdale apologized.

Vote on Resolution 2008-12-17.bg.1 - Privoxy as associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.

Bdale said he would coordinate with Jimmy Kaplowitz regarding who will send the invitation to accept SPI's offer of associated project status to Privoxy.


## Other Business

Joerg Jaspert announced that SPI now owns the domains for the Madwifi project.
Martin Zobel-Helas offered to prepare the backlogged minutes from before
Jimmy's term as Secretary. Michael Schultheiss stated that Tux4Kids is
interested in obtaining some trademarks, and he offered to take the lead on
discussing this with SPI's lawyers and keeping Tux4Kids updated on the status
of this.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, January 21st, 2009 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

### Resolution 2008-12-17.bg.1 - Privoxy as associated project

<pre>
SPI Resolution 2008-12-17.bg.1

WHEREAS

 1. Privoxy is a significant Free Software project, delivering a non-caching
    HTTP proxy that is commonly used to increase a user's privacy level,
    to block ads, and to rewrite content for other purposes.

 2. The Privoxy developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
    including receiving and holding property (e.g., donations) on behalf
    of the project, dispersing donations to project members, legal
    advice and representation, holding assets such as the privoxy.org domain,
    and possibly other services to be decided later by the Privoxy developers.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 3. Privoxy is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
    according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
    Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
    which can be found at
    https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

 4. Fabian Keil is recognised by SPI as the current authoritative decision
    maker for Privoxy.  This can be changed in the future by consensus vote
    of Hal Burgiss, Fabian Keil, and David Schmidt.

 5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
    approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

