[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 15th, 2008

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
* Luk Claes (luk__)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)
* David Graham (cdlu)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Rico Glöckner (mc)
* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Moray Allan (moray)
* Greg Sabino Mullane (GSabinoMullane)


These are the draft minutes for the October 15th, 2008 SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2008/2008-10-15-log.txt)


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee presented the following report, with discussion to happen later in
the meeting.

> SPI was approached in late September by Alan Dechert of the Open Voting
> Foundation for assistance in preparing a proposal for a new voting system for
> Los Angeles County.  If OVF should be awarded a contract to pursue this work,
> SPI would have a role to play in handling the funds. 
> 
> After a flurry of emails between OVF and the SPI board, a conference call was
> held on the 30th of September, attended by Bdale Garbee, Jimmy Kaplowitz,
> Josh Berkus, Greg Pomerantz, and Michael Schultheiss representing SPI and Alan
> Dechert, Brian Fox, and Ed Gambel representing OVF. The OVF folks now have
> the information they need to complete their proposal.
> 
> While not all of the details are worked out, the participation needed from
> SPI would be different from anything we've done before, and would clearly
> require that we hire at least a part-time contractor to handle the
> anticipated additional administrative work load.
> 
> No further action should be required from SPI until and unless a contract is
> actually awarded.


## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following report.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Balance Sheet as of October 14, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      17,117.74
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,617.96
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,098.74

     Total Current Assets                                127,834.44

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          127,834.44


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    67,762.98
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            2,027.68
           Gallery Earmark                    4,803.34
           GNOME Earmark                         20.00
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                  922.03
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,180.52
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                13,778.44

        Total held in trust                              100,047.36

        General reserves                                  27,787.08

     Total Equity                                        127,834.44

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            127,834.44
</pre>

Bdale expressed his pleasure that all the earmarks are resolved in this report.
Michael said that delays in report generation should be fixed and future
reports should be timely. Future reports will, he said, also include an income
statement in addition to a balance sheet, and he liked the idea of making the
balance sheet represent the accounts on the last day of the calendar month to
which the income statement corresponds.

## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz presented the following report.

> I would like volunteers to help move the website away from Plone and
> generally keep it more accurate and up-to-date, given that it's too
> cumbersome and buggy to use effectively. I would like to retain the ability
> to do web-based editing as well as restore the ability to do VCS-based
> editing. Therefore, something like ikiwiki might make sense.
> 
> If you want to volunteer, email secretary@spi-inc.org and admin@spi-inc.org,
> express your interest, and say what time, effort, and skills you can offer.
> Also, as requested by the SPI admin team, please explicitly acknowledge that
> while your opinion as the person doing the work will be seriously considered
> and will definitely count, the SPI admin team, officers, and board (each as
> appropriate) have the final say on all aspects of the website.
> 
> Also, I have now updated the list of officers on the board and by-laws pages
> on the website.


## Outstanding Minutes

Jimmy moved to approve the September 17th, 2008 minutes.

Vote on September 17th, 2008 minutes

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2.


## Items up for discussion

### Discussion of the President's report

Joshua D. Drake thought the OVF proposal mentioned in the president's report
was a great idea, and mentioned that over 800 votes were cast with their
software at LinuxWorld. Luk Claes thought it was a nice thing that was
different from what we were used to. Contributing member MJ Ray wondered if the
board still wanted to be involved with voting machines. Overall the board
thought promoting open source voting software in this specific locality was
better than allowing the default alternative of closed source voting machines
which would otherwise be used there, and does not consider this to be spreading
the adoption of voting machines. Martin Zobel-Helas wondered how the additional
administrative costs of the OVF proposal would be paid for; Jimmy clarified
that the costs would be paid from the grant funds themselves, and not from
project-specific funds or (except for the cost of any general SPI tasks) from
SPI's general fund.


## Other Business

David Graham apologized for not being around much during the 2008 Canadian
federal election, but said he was off the campaign trail and ready to refocus
his energy on SPI.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, November 19th, 2008 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net. Note the adjustment in UTC time to compensate for the end
of Northern Hemisphere daylight saving time and summer time. Local times in
most parts of the US, Canada, and Europe have not changed from the October
meeting.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-29]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

None

