[[!meta title="Platform for Greg Sabino Mullane"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2011 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Position statement for Greg Sabino Mullane

I am Greg Sabino Mullane, and I'm running for a seat on that
Board for SPI. Disclaimer: I am *not* a Debian developer,
I'm a Postgres guru (room empties out :). I joined shortly
before the PostgreSQL project did, and am very interested in
having SPI do more for all of its projects.

I've been a little frustrated at some of the problems SPI has
been having the last year or so, and would like to see it grow
and live up to its potential more. To that end, I intend to work
on greater transparency to all of its activities, much better
recordkeeping (including timely meeting announcements, logs,
reports), and finding out exactly what the SPI members expect
of SPI (if anything). The latter comes with the caveat that
SPI may mean different things to the different subgroups, but
I want to at least query the people and get some data.

Right now it certainly appears on the surface that all SPI does is
provide a way for member projects to collect and distribute funds.
If that's all that members want, fine, but let's at least be better
about that part of it. I'd like to see the website made friendlier,
and put all the emailed reports (esp. the treasurer's reports)
into a browsable/searchable database. I'll also encourage the projects
to spend their money rather than sit on it, and I'll help them to
do so, perhaps by more cross-talk between the projects about ideas.

If some of this means running for the opening secretary seat,
then so be it, but I'm not running specifically for that post.
However, I'll be holding whomever does have that posts feet to the
fire to make sure some of the above items get accomplished.

My short-term goal (1 year) is to make all the members aware of
the website and ways in which they can gather information, to have
all the information online (both past information and a process to
keep it updated timely moving forward), to have a defined list of
what SPI should be accomplishing but is not, and to make sure that
all members know exactly what SPI does for their organization.

