[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2011 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Position statement for Jonathan McDowell

I am Jonathan McDowell, Noodles on IRC, and I'm standing for election to
the SPI board.

## Why am I standing?

Having been a contributing SPI member since October 2001 I have watched
SPI find its feet, expanding beyond Debian as it's primary member
project to include a wide range of associated projects. Equally I've
seen SPI overcome problems with its internal organisation to emerge
stronger and more useful to the Free software world. I'm standing as a
candidate who sees SPI's role as a facilitator for its associated
projects, and thinks that by and large it's doing a good job at this. I
have no agenda for change but instead intend to ensure we continue the
good work already being done.

## Who am I?

I've been a Debian developer since since November 2000; originally
maintaining a handful of packages but since expanding to include some
Application Manager work and looking after the Debian keyring. I've been
an OFTC user for many years. I've also contributed patches to many Free
software projects, including OpenWRT, OpenEmbedded and the Linux kernel.

I used to part own and run Black Cat Networks, a small UK ISP which
looked after SPI's various domains until it was sold back in July 2007.
I've been involved in organising LUGs both when I lived in Norwich
(ALUG) and more recently since moving back to Northern Ireland (BLUG).

I put myself forward as someone who will get the job done; I believe SPI
serves a useful role in the FLOSS community and I aim to help it
continue to do that if you elect me to the board.

