SPI is a non-profit organization which was founded to help organizations
develop and distribute open hardware and software. We encourage programmers
to use the
[GNU General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)
or other licenses that allow free 
redistribution and use of software, and hardware developers to distribute
documentation that will allow device drivers to be written for their product.

SPI acts as a fiscal sponsor to many free and open source projects.

SPI has hosted Wikimedia board elections and audited the tally as a neutral third party since 2007.

### Incorporation

SPI was incorporated as a non-profit organization on June 16, 1997 in the
state of New York. Since then, it has become an umbrella organization for
[projects](/projects/) from the community.

In 1999, the [Internal Revenue Service](http://www.irs.gov/)
of the United States government determined that under section 501 (a)
of the Internal Revenue Code SPI qualifies for 501 (c) (3) (non-profit
organization) status under section 509 (a) (1) and 170 (b) (1) (A) (vi). This
means that all donations made to SPI and its supported projects are tax
deductible for donors in the United States.

### How is SPI run?

The documents that define the purpose and operation of SPI are the
By-Laws and the Certificate of Incorporation. It has a
[Board of Directors](/corporate/board/) which includes four
officers in the roles of President, Vice President, Secretary, and 
Treasurer.  

* [Certificate of Incorporation](/corporate/certificate-of-incorporation/)
* [By-Laws](/corporate/by-laws/)

### How can I contribute?

As an individual you can consider becoming a [member](/membership/). If you are
involved in an open source project the
[Associated Project HOWTO](../projects/associated-project-howto/) describes how
to become and manage an SPI associate project. See the
[donations](../donations/) page for details on how to contribute to an existing
associated project.

This website is managed using ikiwiki+git. You can view the revision history
via [gitweb](http://git.spi-inc.org/gitweb/?p=website.git) and send any
updates, either as a git pull request or a patch, to
[webmaster@spi-inc.org](mailto:webmaster@spi-inc.org).

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
