[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Annual general meeting, July 7th, 2003

__Attending__:

* Branden Robinson
* Ean Schuessler
* Ian Jackson
* John Goerzen
* Manoj Srivastava
* Martin Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman

__Invitees present__:

* Andrew Mulholland
* Bdale Garbee
* Bill Allombert
* Colin Watson
* David Graham
* Jimmy Kaplowitz
* Michael Banck
* Michelle Ribeiro
* Stephen Stafford

__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. Accounting update
4. Extending the Bylaws Committee Charter
5. New SPI president
6. SPI workshop at debconf
7. Date for next meeting

__Recorder__: David B. Harris (contributing member)

## Accounting Update

Branden reminded everyone of his notices which he sent to the spi-private
list. He met with a local accountant (Judy Dunlap of Carmel, Indiana) and she
was willing to work on SPI paperwork. Her rate is $110 per hour for tax
research and $35 per hour for general accounting work. She expects to need
require about 10 hours of work of which 1-1.5 will be tax research. Ian
proposed to set a fixed amount for accounting work in order to put an upper
limit on costs made. Branden suggested budgeting 500 dollars.

## Extending the Bylaws Committee Charter

With respect to resolution
[2003-06-27.jpg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-06-27.jpg.1/)
to extend the committee until January 15.

This resolution was already accepted via email vote.

### New SPI president

SPI has not had a president for a few months. Ean has been acting as
president and was willing to take the position. The current by-laws are
unclear on the exact procedure for electing officers Ean asked if electing
a new president should be postponed. Nobody agreed, however the by-laws do
dictate that the officers have to be appointed at this annual meeting.
Ian notes that people with unexpired terms get a reprieve until next year.
Wichert suggest promoting John to replace Ean as vice president. Everyone
agrees and Branden moves that the board do this.

Vote on promoting Ean Schuessler to president of the board and appointing
John Goerzen as vice president:

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>John Goerzen</td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Manoj Srivastava</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The motion passes with five votes in favour, one abstention and
none against.

Since Joey and Ian have served their period they need to be reappointed.
Branden moved that Martin "Joey" Schulze and Ian Jackson's terms be extended
until October 1, 2003; or until a vote by the membership using the Condorcet
method to constitute a new Board is certified; or until the Bylaws are amended
so as to re-define the process by which the Board is elected and a vote or
other appointment certified under that process, whichever comes first.

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>John Goerzen</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Manoj Srivastava</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The motion carries with seven votes in favour and non against.

## SPI workshop at debconf

There will be a few board members at debconf. Benj. Mako Hill will be running a
workshop there to discuss SPI related topics.

## Date for next meeting

The date for the next meeting is set to July 29, at 19:00 UTC.

