# Board meeting, March 11th, 2003

__Attending__:

* Ean Schuessler (presiding)
* Branden Robinson
* Ian Jackson
* M. Drew Streib
* Martin "Joey" Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman

__Absent with regrets__:

* Manoj Srivastava

__Advisors present__:

* Bdale Garbee
* Guido van Rossum

__Invitees present__:

* Benjamin Mako Hill
* Bill Allombert
* Bruce Perens
* Christophe Barbe
* David B. Harris
* David Graham
* Enid Gabriella "Biella" Coleman
* JP Sugarbroad
* John Goerzen
* Peter Palfrader
* Pierre Machard

__Agenda__:

1. New board members
2. Clarification of the membership and mandate of the Membership Committee
3. Scheduling of the next meeting
4. Copyright assignments
5. OpenOffice.org project membership
6. New mailing list for SPI correspondence
7. SPI funds with respect to Debian

__Recorder__: David B. Harris (contributing member)

## New board members

As per the secretary's announcement
[(1)](/corporate/votes/vote1/),
[(2)](http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-announce/2003/000044.html)
Bruce Perens, John Goerzen, and Benjamin Mako Hill were elected to the SPI
Board of Directors by the contributing membership of SPI.

Wichert Akkerman moved that the board accept the outcome of the vote and
install those individuals as board members. Ian Jackson seconded.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Drew Streib </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion carried. Bruce Perens, John Goerzen, and Benjamin Mako Hill were
installed as new Board members.

## Clarification of the membership and mandate of the Membership Committee

David Graham, a contributing member, asks for clarification on the
membership of the Membership Committee.

Wichert Akkerman responded that Craig Small, Martin Michlmayr, and Peter
Palfrader constitute the Membership Committee. Martin Michlmayr chairs the
committee.

Ian Jackson moved that Martin Michlmayr be petitioned to create an area of
the SPI web site detailing the Membership Committee's membership and
mandate.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>John Goerzen </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bruce Perens </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Drew Streib </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion carried.

## Scheduling of the next meeting

Ean Schuessler suggested that the next meeting take place on Tuesday, 1
April, at 1900 UTC.

There were no objections; the next meeting will take place on Tuesday,
1 April, at 1900 UTC.

## Copyright assignments

Since the contributing membership had not yet been petitioned for opinions,
Ean Schuessler delayed the board's discussion of this item until such opinions
had been garnered, via `spi-general@lists.spi-inc.org`.

## OpenOffice.org project membership

Wichert Akkerman stated that there was some confusion on behalf of
OpenOffice.org, who believed that the project listing on SPI's website was for
general Free Software/Open Source projects.

Ean Schuessler asked Wichert Akkerman to respond to OpenOffice.org's email,
explaining that the projects listed were SPI member projects, and that the list
is not a Free Software/Open Source directory.

## New mailing list for SPI correspondence

With respect to proposed resolution
[2003-03-11.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-03-11.iwj.1/),
Ian Jackson opines that the SPI board-only mailing list is receiving too much
traffic, and proposes that a new list be created.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>John Goerzen </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bruce Perens </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Drew Streib </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion carries.

Another motion, 2003-02-25.iwj.1, was also voted on. Wichert Akkerman suggested
that the results of 2003-03-11.iwj.1 be apparent before voting on another, more
complicated, attempt be made at segregating various board mailing list traffic.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>Against</td></tr>
  <tr><td>John Goerzen </td><td>Against</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bruce Perens </td><td>Against</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Against</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>Against</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The motion had quite obviously failed at this point, and no more votes
were submitted.

## SPI funds with respect to Debian

Bdale Garbee stated:

> I have never been presented with a statement of Debian's financial
> health since my election as DPL. When I asked about Debian's balances
> after the treasurer's report in the board meeting of 7 Jan 2003,
> Branden indicated that some guidance from the board would be required
> due to confusion over how funds held by SPI needed to be split. I've
> seen no further action taken since that time, and now ask the board's
> advice on how to get from here to a point where the DPL can receive a
> concise statement of Debian's balances held by SPI.

Ean Schuessler suggested that, as a long-term solution, a finances
committee should be created, of which the Debian Project Leader should be
a member. However, he suggested that in the short term, Bdale discuss the
finances with Branden Robinson over email.

Bdale agreed to do so.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
