[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, November 11th, 2003

__Attending__:

* Benj. Mako Hill
* Bruce Perens
* Drew Streib
* Ean Schuessler
* Ian Jackson
* Martin 'Joey' Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman

__Absent with regrets__:

* John Goerzen

__Invitees present__:

* Antti-Juhani Kaijanaho
* David Graham
* Greg Pomerantz
* Jimmy Kaplowitz
* Michelle Ribeiro
* Otavio Salvador
* Peter Palfrader

__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. Approving minutes from previous meetings
4. Debian trademark Brazil
5. Date for next meeting

__Recorder__:

The following minutes were adopted (as written at the time) by the Board
of Directors on September 7th, 2004:

SPI board meeting, November 11, 2003, meeting opened: 19:04 UTC, meeting
closed: 19:30 UTC.

## Approving minutes from previous meetings

Vote to approve the minutes of the October 14 meeting minutes:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Bruce</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Mako</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The minutes are accepted with six votes in favour and none against.

## Debian trademark Brazil

As a result of the work of the trademark committee Mako proposed resolutions
2003-11-11.bmh.1, which regulates the registration of Debian trademarks in
Brazil, and 2003-11-11.bmh.2, which regulates actions to gain control over the
debian.com.br domain.

As Wichert had already remarked in email there is no acknowledgement from
the Debian Project Leader. Ian proposed to amend 2003-11-11.bmh.1 to add
a clause to require DPL approval and add a spending limit of $700. Nobody
objected to this amendment and a vote is called for:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Bruce</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Mako</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Jimmy Kaplowitz noted that the resolution calls for trademarking the official
logo which is only used rarely and not well known. Wichert added he would like
to change that since trademarking the rarely used official logo is in his
opinion not very useful and proposed to amend the resolution to allow the DPL to
choose the logo to be trademarked. Nobody objects to the amendment.

Drew was concerned that the proposed resolution 2003-11-11.bmh.1 was unclear
about possible expenses and could authorise a civil suit for which SPI would be
billed. Ian proposed an amendment that adds a clause that restricts the possible
expenses for legal action to $100 subject to approval of the Debian Project
Leader. Nobody objects to the amendment and a vote is called:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Bruce</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Joey</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Mako</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution is accepted with seven votes in favour and none against.

## Date for next meeting

The date for the next meeting is set at December 2, 19:00 UTC.

