[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 14th, 2003

__Attending__:

* Benj. Mako Hill
* Drew Streib
* Ean Schuessler
* Ian Jackson
* John Goerzen
* Martin 'Joey' Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman

__Invitees present__:

* David Graham
* Manoj Srivastava
* Michael Banck
* Peter Palfrader
* Stuart Walsh

__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. Board membership for expired members Ian Jackson and Martin Schulze
4. Approving minutes from July 8 and September 9 meetings
5. OFTC update
6. Partnering with Transforming Knowledge Spaces
7. Date for next meeting

__Recorder__: Wichert Akkerman (Secretary)

SPI board meeting, October 14, 2003, meeting opened: 19:14 UTC, meeting
closed: 20:10 UTC.

## Board membership for expired members Ian Jackson and Martin Schulze

Since both Ian Jackson and Martin Schulze finished their three year term on
the board and Manoj Srivastava resigned from the board there are vacancies
which should be filled. There were a number of competing proposals from
David Graham and Ian Jackson to fill the vacant positions on the board. The
basic differences between the proposals from David and Ian are:

* David's proposal calls for an immediate election
* Ian's proposal immediately temporarily reappoints Ian and Joey
* Ian's proposal adds an apology for the ad-hoc organisation of this
  election and the fact that the bylaws reform has stalled
* David's proposal calls for two new board members to be select, while
  Ian's proposals allow two or three new members

In order to select a final resolution Ian proposed to vote on the
separate issues. Ean called for a vote to immediately reappoint Ian
and Joey:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Benjamin</td>	<td>abstains</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>against</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>abstains</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The motion passes with two votes in favour and one against. Next Ean called
for a vote on appointing two or three board members:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Benjamin</td>	<td>three</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>three</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>three</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>abstains</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>two</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

This brought the current selection to a variant of Ian's proposal
2003-10-14.iwj.5. Wichert suggested changing paragraph 19 to change the
time-frame for suggesting bylaws changes since he felt the board could work on
that during the election process as well. Nobody objects to the amendment. Ean
calls for a vote:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Benjamin</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution 2003-10-14.iwj.6 is accepted with five votes in favour and none
against.

## Approving minutes from July 8 and September 9 meetings

John Goerzen moved to accept the minutes for both meetings.

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Benjamin</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>abstains</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Joey</td>		<td>abstains</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The minutes are accepted with 4 votes in favour and none against.

## OFTC update

Ian complained there was no report submitted for this agenda as required
by resolution
[2003-09-09.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-09-09.iwj.1/),
however since the update is very short Ean allowed the update.

David Graham announced that OFTC has a new chair: Stuart Walsh. Everyone
congratulates Stuart on his new position.

## Partnering with Transforming Knowledge Spaces

Benjamin proposed resolution
[2003-09-16.bmh.1.mgs](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-09-16.bmh.1.mgs/)
which proposes to partner with the Transforming Knowledge Spaces organisation.
Ean called for a vote:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Benjamin</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Joey</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>abstains</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

the resolution is accepted with 5 votes in favour and none against.

## Date for next meeting

The date for the next meeting is set at November 11, 19:00 UTC.

