# Board meeting, September 9th, 2003

__Attending__:

* Bdale Garbee
* Branden Robinson
* Ean Schuessler
* Ian Jackson
* Martin Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman

__Absent with regrets__:

* Benj. Mako Hill
* Branden Robinson
* Bruce Perens<

__Invitees present__:

* Antti-Juhani Kaijanaho
* David Graham
* Gregory Pomerantz
* Jimmy Kaplowitz
* Jonathan McDowell
* Josip Rodin
* Michelle Ribeiro

__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. SPI-admin notes
4. Board meeting procedure
5. Debian trademark registration in Brazil
6. Treasurer update, including credit-card donations
7. Date for next meeting

__Recorder__: David B. Harris (contributing member)

## SPI-admin notes

Speaking as a member of the SPI admin team Wichert had the following
to say:

> SPI has received bandwidth and machine donations recently so it
> can help its members projects with simple hosting, mail and DNS
> services. Fresco for example has been using those services for a
> while. I would like to thank Oregon state University, Black Cat
> Networks and Andrew Mulholland for their donations. At this moment
> frida.spi-inc.org is already online and running secondary DNS and mail
> services. chic.spi-inc.org will arrive later.
>
> Furthermore, we've revamped the entire mail-system for SPI it is now
> running exim-SA everywhere, so you should see a large reduction in
> the amount of spam going through SPI machines. Thanks go to Josip
> Rodin for doing the email setup.

Ian and Ean thanked the SPI admin team for their work.

## Board meeting procedure

Ian did not have anything to add to the previously held
discussions. Wichert asked for a change in paragraph 12 to allow the
secretary to be replaced with someone else when necessary. Nobody
objected, and a vote was called for resolution
[2003-09-09.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-09-09.iwj.1/).
Bdale recommended people vote in favour.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution is accepted with four votes in favour and none
against.

## Debian trademark registration in Brazil

Michelle proposed registering the Debian trademark in Brazil. In order
to do that a procurator needs to be appointed for which she suggested
Debian developer and SPI contributing member Henrique Moraes. Several
people asked what the exact function and responsibilities of a procurator
are. Michelle explained it is just the person who did the paperwork.
Wichert asked who would own the trademark: the procurator, or SPI
even though it is not based in Brazil. Michelle answered that SPI would
be the owner.

Since this agenda item generated a fair amount of questions and
discussions Ean proposed to discuss this on the SPI mailing-lists first.
Wichert asked Michelle to write a summary of the plans and issues and
involved and post that, so a resolution could be drafted based on that.
Everyone agreed with both suggestions.

## Treasurer update, including credit-card donations

Wichert explained:

> SPI has been talking forever about accepting credit-card
> donations and several decisions have already been made in the past,
> but nothing has happened so far. We now have a concrete proposal from
> Jimmy Kaplowitz for handling them using the services of Network for
> Good, which has been providing these services to 501(c)3 charities for
> a while already. Ian and I had a quick look at their terms and
> conditions and their rates and they seem reasonable. So in order to
> move on and be able to set something up I am proposing resolution
> [2003-09-09.wta.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-09-09.wta.1/)

Ean called for a vote on resolution
[2003-09-09.wta.1](/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-09-09.wta.1/)
Bdale recommended people vote in favour.

<table><tbody>
  <tr><td>Ian Jackson </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ean Schuessler </td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wichert Akkerman</td><td>In favour</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Martin Schulze </td><td>Abstains</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution is accepted with three votes in favour and none
against.

## Date for next meeting

The date for the next meeting is set for October 7, at 19:00
UTC.


[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
