20:00 <CosmicRay> *GAVEL*
20:00 <Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:00 <Overfiend> Branden Robinson
20:00 <CosmicRay> John Goerzen
20:00 <Diziet> Ian Jackson
20:00 <cdlu> David Graham
20:00 <CosmicRay> sorry cdlu, got the gavel at the wrong place for your scripts
20:01 <cdlu> one more? going once?
20:01 <cdlu> CosmicRay, it's alright.
20:01 <Overfiend> Hm.
20:01 <CosmicRay> Joey: are you here?
20:01 <Overfiend> Joey, Bdale, Bruce, Mako
20:01 <cdlu> I /msg'd him, but he's not in channel
20:01 <Hydroxide> cdlu: can you put my Treasurer's report for December 2005 in the agenda?
20:01 <cdlu> Hydroxide, that the one I Just received?
20:01 <Hydroxide> cdlu: I emailed it to board@ and -private a couple of hours ago
20:01 <cdlu> Hydroxide, will do
20:01 <cdlu> ok
20:01 <Hydroxide> cdlu: thanks
20:02 <Overfiend> well, suck
20:02 <CosmicRay> this stinks.  one short of quorum.
20:02 <Overfiend> how long do we wait to be quorate?
20:02 <cdlu> Overfiend, if you know anyone not here you can reach by phone, get on the horn :)
20:02 <cdlu> where's bruce?
20:02 <cdlu> and bdale?
20:02 <CosmicRay> do we have phone numbers for Joey, Bdale, and Bruce?
20:02 <Overfiend> I don't have ph #s for any of them
20:02 <Overfiend> just Mako
20:02 <Overfiend> who already sent regrets
20:02 <cdlu> me neither, and mako is in a meeting
20:02 <Hydroxide> since I have to go by around 1925 UTC, I'd say we start talking, as well as contacting them, and then vote once we have quorum
20:03 <Hydroxide> (if we have it)
20:03 <bdale> I'm here
20:03 <Overfiend> aha!
20:03 <cdlu> bdale!
20:03 <Overfiend> quorum!
20:03 <cdlu> QUORUM!
20:03 <CosmicRay> OK!
20:03 <bdale> just got off a phone meeting, sorry to be a couple minutes late
20:03 <Overfiend> thanks, bdale
20:03 <jberkus> and there was much rejoicing
20:03 <CosmicRay> Let's start with the items that effect Jimmy since he has to run, unless there's objection.
20:03 <Overfiend> no objection here
20:03 <CosmicRay> [item 6, tax filing/bookkeeping status] Jimmy/Branden, you have the floor.
20:03 <bdale> ok.  I've got about 45 mins max, fwiw.
20:03 <cdlu> CR, no objection. Will take me a minute to get it into the agenda.
20:04 <CosmicRay> cdlu: yeah that's why I started with #6
20:04 <bdale> Bdale Garbee, for the record
20:04 <Hydroxide> ok
20:04 <Overfiend> Hydroxide: want me to give it?
20:04 <Hydroxide> Overfiend: go ahead
20:04 <Overfiend> okay
20:04 <cdlu> ok, it's posted.
20:04 <Overfiend> basically MBS needs 2 things from us to do our 2006 taxes
20:05 <Hydroxide> Overfiend: 2005, surely?
20:05 <Overfiend> 1) a copy of our 2006 annual statement from Ameriprise née American Express Financial Advisors
20:05 <Overfiend> (yes, 2006)
20:05 <Overfiend> er
20:05 <Overfiend> you said the right year
20:05 <Overfiend> I cannot.
20:05 <bdale> taxes filed in 2006 for year 2005
20:05 <Overfiend> 2) pending questions answered that they sent a while back but which Jimmy and I didn't get to
20:05 <Overfiend> I have 1), just need to fax it over to them
20:05 <Diziet> Why oh why oh why are we faffing with this in the meeting ?
20:06 <Overfiend> but they already have all our info for the FirstIB account
20:06 <Diziet> Why couldn't this have been typed up in advance so we don't have to sit here and wait while Branden types it in ??
20:06 <Overfiend> Diziet: if you'd read your mail, you'd realize it already had been
20:06 <Hydroxide> Diziet: that's a complaint that would also be useful to move outside the meeting if you are trying not to add delays
20:06 <cdlu> Diziet, let him talk. You're just wasting time with your meaningless bitching.
20:06 <Overfiend> anyway, I'll shut up now.  Jimmy, let's you and me make sure we take care of 1) and 2) by next month's meeting.
20:06 <Overfiend> Taxes for NGOs are due May 15
20:07 <bdale> anything needed from the board?
20:07 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: do we need to do anything about tax year 2004 at this point?
20:07 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: I think some of the questions in 2) pertained to FY2004
20:07 <Hydroxide> bdale: I don't think so
20:07 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: but some of the questions, I didn't understand.  I think this will take a phone call.
20:08 <CosmicRay> ok.  any further discussion on the tax filing/bookkeeping status?
20:08 <Overfiend> So I'll set aside a block of time for that.,
20:08 <Hydroxide> CosmicRay: tax year 2004 issues are totally separate from the may 15 deadline, so we can worry about the 2005 taxes first
20:08 <Overfiend> I've got more papers than Jimmy does, so it's probably better for me to do it
20:08 <Diziet> cr: Is it going to be filed on time this year ?
20:08 <Hydroxide> Diziet: we are intending to file the 2005 tax forms on time this year
20:08 <Diziet> And there is no reason you can see at the moment that we wouldn't make that deadline ?
20:09 <Hydroxide> Diziet: not that I can see, no.
20:09 <Diziet> Good.  Thanks.
20:09 <Overfiend> of course there is, Jimmy or I could be struck dead on the spot
20:09 <Hydroxide> let's move on?
20:09 <bdale> please
20:09 <Overfiend> we've explained what we understand to be needed and have committed to do it before next month's meeting.
20:09 <bdale> thank you
20:09 <CosmicRay> ok.  we also have this on our agenda:
20:09 <CosmicRay> [item 6, big expenditure] Branden, you have the floor
20:09 <CosmicRay> I guess that involves Jimmy as well.
20:09 <Overfiend> yeah, this actually makes my hair grayer than the taxes
20:10 <Overfiend> stockholm is here to pitch in, but let me summarize
20:10 <Overfiend> just a moment,w ife
20:10  * Hydroxide would also like to make sure we get to discuss (no vote needed) the potential new online donation and payment services before 1925 UTC when he must leave
20:10 <Overfiend> ok back
20:10 <stockholm> Overfiend: i have a writeup that i can paste
20:10 <Overfiend> stockholm: yeah, okay, do that
20:10 (!) slef [ENoPulsar@50-30-55-213.adsl.realpoptel.net] has joined #spi
20:10 (!) slef is sirc user on #spi #dplteam2006 at server kinetic.oftc.net
20:10 <Overfiend> stockholm: and thanks :)
20:10 <stockholm> e intending to file the 2005 tax forms on time this year
20:10 <stockholm> duh
20:10 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: noted, thanks.
20:10 <stockholm> Debconf this year has again a budget of about 160kUS. We will stay at
20:10 <stockholm> a bigger, government owned vacational facility with auditoriums etc.
20:10 <stockholm> we estimate to pay between 50-60kUS for the accommodation and food,
20:10 <stockholm> depending on how many we are going to be.
20:10 <stockholm> The payment plan specifies several downpayments and a caution for
20:10 <stockholm> us. The fist downpayment of 10$ was payed in december from last year's
20:10 <Overfiend> stockholm: we already have *one* Diziet... :-)
20:10 <stockholm> lefovers, the next (first big) downpayment is due tomorrow and will be
20:11 <stockholm> 29kUS.
20:11 <stockholm> It wont matter if we are a week or two late. But by then we wont have
20:11 <Diziet> (potential new online donation and payment services> Is there a mail about that ?  I didn't see one with any details we should read up on, just something saying we would discuss it.)
20:11 <stockholm> received the money from the big sponsors yet. Their financial
20:11 <stockholm> devisions work in a way that it takes about 45days for money to be
20:11 <stockholm> released to the beneficior. That is too late.
20:11 <stockholm> So i request that SPI would extend us the needed 29k for the time
20:11 <stockholm> beeing. Incoming payments from IBM (10k) and NetApp (45k) are due "soon".
20:11 <CosmicRay> stockholm: how sure are we that those payments will actually materialize?
20:11 <Overfiend> stockholm: should that really say "10$"?
20:12 <Diziet> I don't think we can send you $29K just to your bank account.  But we might see our way to paying the bills, if we know that the donations are actually coming.
20:12 <Overfiend> the first down payment?
20:12  * Hydroxide notes that we would have to get the funds from the Ameriprise account, since the FirstIB account currently has under $29k in it
20:12 <stockholm> 10% (c:
20:12 <Diziet> So we would need something in writing from IBM and/or NetApp.
20:12 <Overfiend> well, NetApp alone.
20:12 <Diziet> Err, yes.
20:12 <Overfiend> IBM alone isn't enough, and NetApp alone is plenty.
20:12 <stockholm> CosmicRay: well, i count on it. netapp gave us a costy file server already, and has supported debconf in the psat
20:12 <Overfiend> uhhhh
20:12 <stockholm> i know they are sincere
20:12 <Diziet> Then we treat it not as a loan but as a donation by NetApp for Debconf which we disburse in the normal way.
20:12 <Hydroxide> Diziet: (re donations/payments): no, there wasn't a mail with the info. but we don't need a vote. what I'll be doing is giving a very very brief summary, asking for positive/negative comments in the logs or via email within a few days, and then I'll ask
20:13 <Hydroxide> s/ask/make a decision/
20:13 <Diziet> hy: OK.  Can you type up your summary in an xclipboard or something ?  :-)
20:13 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: that sounds reasonable.
20:13 <bdale> stockholm: timing on the HP donation is, I presume, way to late for this round?
20:13 <stockholm> CosmicRay: so i am betting debconf on their reliability, to some degree.
20:13 <Diziet> stockholm: Yes, but I think we should see an actual piece of paper from NetApp.  Or an email if that's all you've got.
20:13 <Hydroxide> Diziet: I'll start that, sure
20:13 <Overfiend> stockholm mailed me on Sunday saying he needed $29k by today
20:13 <stockholm> bdale: yes, the payment might have started the 45 day periode last week
20:13 <bdale> ok
20:14  * bdale has no control over financial transaction processes
20:14 <stockholm> Diziet: sure, i have that here.
20:14 <stockholm> should i bounce it somewhere or paste it?
20:14 <Overfiend> stockholm: these payments...are they refundable?
20:14 <Diziet> For $29K I think we need to have Jimmy or Branden phone up NetApp and just confirm that this is all going to happen and is all right.
20:14 <stockholm> Overfiend: refundable?
20:14 <Overfiend> If, God forbid, we should have to cancel debconf, will we get any of our money back?
20:14 <Diziet> Or I can do the confirmation if Jimmy or Branden are too buisy.
20:14 <bdale> as a general comment, it's unfortunate that we've made a commitment to a budget and a payment schedule before having the donations and their delivery schedules solid, but I know how that goes
20:15 <stockholm> Diziet: i have tried to reach netapp. it is really hard to get the responsible person on the phone.
20:15 <stockholm> Diziet: but i can try to arrange something
20:15 <Diziet> hard to get them on the phone> That's not a good sign.
20:15 <bdale> Overfiend: almost never are such payments completely refundable, in my experience
20:15 <Overfiend> this feels really shaky to me, but I trust Diziet enough to be a hardass on this
20:15 <Overfiend> bdale: yeah, I figured
20:15 <stockholm> Overfiend: i am not sure. if debconf goes belly up we have bigger problems then 29k
20:15 <Overfiend> stockholm: I am just getting bad vibes from this situation
20:15 <Diziet> refundable> We need to confirm with NetApp that the money is a donation and that it's not conditional on anything.
20:16 <Overfiend> yeah, if we can't recover our expenditures, our donors can't either
20:16 <Diziet> Where `We' = SPI officers, not you, I'm afraid.  Since it's our arses that are on the line.
20:16 <stockholm> Diziet: heh, hard to get on the phone -> busy.
20:16 <Overfiend> Diziet: agreed
20:16 <Overfiend> stockholm: more than the phone, what we need is some sort of written promise
20:16 <Diziet> I presume you have an actual invoice from the hotel ?  Is it just that one invoice that needs to be covered ?
20:16 <Overfiend> stockholm: an email will probably do
20:16 <Diziet> Written promise by email is good, yes.
20:17 <stockholm> Diziet: yes, we have that.
20:17 <CosmicRay> ok.  Do we have an agreement on how to proceed then?
20:17 <Diziet> But if it's just an email then I would want to phone up to confirm.
20:17 <Overfiend> we do?
20:17 <Overfiend> well, hell
20:17 <Overfiend> Diziet: yeah, point
20:17 <stockholm> we have a cost-estimate form the hotel.
20:17 <Diziet> Can you forward that email to spi-board and someone from the board will phone up NetApp to double-check.
20:17 <Overfiend> but if we *have* an email from NetApp saying "yes, we will give you $45k on or about 2006-04-01" or whatever, then that's great
20:17 <Diziet> stockholm: A _cost-estimate_ ??
20:17 <Overfiend> I thought stockholm was doing business on a wink and a nod :)
20:17 <stockholm> rememer that we dont know how expensive it will be since we dont know how many people we are going to host
20:17 <bdale> Overfiend: the move of the event from July to May has an impact on how long before the event money has to be asked for and becomes available, to the extent that this is "only" a scheduling race condition I wouldn't be too worried.
20:17 <Diziet> We're not giving out any money based on a `cost estimate' !
20:18 <Overfiend> we're not?
20:18 <Diziet> No, we need an actual invoice.
20:18 <stockholm> Diziet: first: this is mexico.
20:18 <Ganneff> Diziet: we cant have final numbers as the number of participants is still l changing.
20:18 <Overfiend> Diziet: there's no way we're going to get anything better than a lower bound
20:18 <bdale> Diziet: that isn't how reserving a venue for an event works
20:18 <stockholm> Diziet: second: this is how it is done.
20:18 <Overfiend> Diziet: the hotel will always nail you with extra charges at the end
20:18 <Diziet> Well, an invoice for the deposit.
20:18 <Diziet> Also, who is entering into a contract here ?
20:19 <bdale> yes, an invoice or a copy of a contract stating the payment terms
20:19 <slef> Can't you pay an amount to secure $N rooms to be confirmed by $DATE?
20:19 <Diziet> I mean, the contract with the hotel.
20:19 <jberkus> um, sorry to interrupt, but Hydroxide has only 7 more minutes
20:19 <Overfiend> Diziet: SPI, I guess.
20:19 <stockholm> Diziet: the one entering into a contract is gunnar wolf
20:19 <CosmicRay> Given that Jimmy has only a few more minutes here, and we will cease to be quorate after that, can you take this to email, Diziet?
20:19 <Ganneff> slef: thats what this is about.
20:19 <Diziet> stockholm: Right, what, personally ?  OK.
20:19 <Overfiend> yack, so we're sending $29k to a private individual?
20:19 <bdale> stockholm: I presume he already has a contract, or there wouldn't be a payment due?
20:19 <slef> (with any surplus to be set against rooms taken.)
20:19 <Overfiend> I mean, I know Gunnar and trust him...
20:19 <Diziet> No, we're going to send it to the hotel.
20:19 <stockholm> Diziet: yes, that is how it works in mexico
20:19 <Diziet> So we need the contract etc. from the hotel.
20:20 <stockholm> bdale: as far as i know he siged something, yes
20:20 <bdale> ok, then we'd like to see a copy of that something
20:20 <Diziet> personally> I wouldn't put my financial arse on the line like Gunnar is apparently doing.  But that's his risk.
20:20 <Overfiend> stockholm: we really need him personally involved in this, then
20:20 <stockholm> Diziet: you want to send the money to the hotel directly?
20:20 <Diziet> stockholm: Yes, absolutely.
20:20 <Overfiend> let's come back to this in 5 minutes
20:20 <Overfiend> and let Jimmy do his thing
20:20 <bdale> I, too, know Gunnar and am inclined to trust he's doing the right thing, but sending a $29k check from SPI to Mexico for this requires due process
20:20 <Diziet> OK
20:20 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: motion to shelve this for a few minutes
20:21 <Diziet> Let's have Jimmy's online thingum.
20:21 <stockholm> Diziet: why?
20:21 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: yes, let's move on.
20:21 (!) gwolf [~gwolf@dsl-200-78-32-154.prod-infinitum.com.mx] has joined #spi
20:21 (!) gwolf is gaim on #spi at server testlink1.oftc.net
20:21 <cdlu> stockholm, because the treasurer needs to leave in 5 minutes and has something we need to address
20:21 <Overfiend> stockholm: please hold on for a few minutes
20:21 <CosmicRay> Jimmy, you had an online payment item to discuss?
20:21 <Diziet> stockholm: Tell you in a few mins ...
20:21 <cdlu> we'll get right back to it
20:21  * gwolf greets
20:21 <Hydroxide> yeah
20:21 <stockholm> ok
20:21 <Hydroxide> I'm basically going to have to paste and run
20:21 <Diziet> Right.
20:21 <Overfiend> gwolf: welcome -- we'll need you in a few minutes :)
20:21 <Hydroxide> I'll read the logs and email feedback
20:21 <Diziet> OK
20:21 <Diziet> Go ahead.
20:21 <Hydroxide> Our online donation system, Network for Good, is effective for many credit card
20:21 <Hydroxide> holders with US billing addresses, but international donors cannot use it.
20:21 <Hydroxide> Also, the site requires people to sign up for a Network for Good account, which
20:21 <Hydroxide> is a deterrent to donation. An alternative system, www.clickandpledge.com,
20:21 <Hydroxide> llooks to be a good solution. It only takes 4.75% of the donation (not much more
20:21 <Hydroxide> than NfG) for most types of cards, but doesn't require an account, allows some
20:21 <Hydroxide> customization of the look-and-feel, and supports international donors. The
20:21 <Hydroxide> signup looks easy, and based on extensive searches online and reviews of
20:21 <Hydroxide> ddonation service comparisons, it looks like it doesn't have the same
20:22 <Hydroxide> capriciousness or fraud problems as PayPal does. Please review the site, discuss a bit at this meeting, and/or email feedback to board@ or treasurer@ or -privatee or -general within the next two or three days. I will review it and then decide to sign up or not.
20:22 <Overfiend> data point: Network for Good takes 3% of donations
20:22 <Hydroxide> Also, we need a way to pay non-US people in non-US currency. For many common
20:22 <Hydroxide> cAlso, we need a way to pay non-US people in non-US currency. For many common
20:22 <Hydroxide> cases we can handle this with XEtrade (https://www.xe.com/fx/). They are a
20:22 <Hydroxide> currency conversion and international payment service with a really good
20:22 <Hydroxide> reputation, and which is also recommended from personal experience by Josh
20:22 <Hydroxide> BBerkus. We do need to figure out a "credit reference" such a bank account
20:22 <Hydroxide> manager for the application, but it's pretty easy otherwise. Please give
20:22 <Hydroxide> feedback on this too.
20:22 <Diziet> Thanks Hydroxide.
20:22 <cdlu> why not paypal?
20:22 <CosmicRay> I think pursuing both is a good idea.
20:22 <Overfiend> cdlu: long story
20:22 <jberkus> cdlu: theft
20:22 <Overfiend> Hydroxide: both look like a good idea
20:22 <slef> paypal--
20:22 <Diziet> cdlu: PayPal are <deleted due to threat of libel>
20:23 <Overfiend> should we try to resurrect the email voting for Jimmy's proposals?
20:23 <Ganneff> paypal bad
20:23 <Hydroxide> (btw, we can still continue using Network for Good as a slightly preferred option, for US donors who don't mind signing up for an account and who want to minimize processing costs)
20:23 <Hydroxide> Overfiend: I don't think this needs a vote, unless the Board disagrees
20:23 <Overfiend> As long as we document the cut each processor is taking, I think it's good to let our donors decide
20:23 <Diziet> ov: We don't need to.  Jimmy is perfectly entitled to go ahead and do it on his own authority.
20:23 <Hydroxide> Overfiend: I'm just asking for feedback in the logs and via email in the next two or three days.
20:23 <Overfiend> Diziet: okay.
20:23 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: I would say that Jimmy could begin using these services under his authority as treasurer
20:23 <cdlu> Hydroxide, one (more) question...
20:23 <Diziet> Of course he should keep us informed and get our input, as he is doing.
20:23 <Overfiend> understood.
20:23 <Hydroxide> cdlu: go ahead
20:23 <cdlu> Hydroxide, why limit it? Sign up for all such services.
20:23 <cdlu> "To donate, you have the following 18 options: "
20:24 <Diziet> It definitely sounds like he's done is homework, which is excellent, and I'll take a look at these sites (and read the Ts&Cs).
20:24 <Overfiend> Hydroxide: in a nutshell, I trust ya, man.  :)  I say go for it.  I haven't heard of either of these organizations, but they're not PayPal, and that seems to count for something.
20:24 <Hydroxide> cdlu: click and pledge handles pretty much all cases we'd want for electronic donations ... you don't need to be a "click and pledge account holder" or anything as with paypal
20:24 <bdale> the only reason to no do that, cdlu, is if one of the services is perceived as putting our accounts at risk
20:24 <jberkus> cdlu: unfortunately, using an untrustworthy donation service can cause financial/liability issues
20:24 <slef> management overhead
20:24 <cdlu> okay
20:24 <Hydroxide> slef: that too
20:24  * cdlu groks all the various answers
20:25 <Diziet> In particular, a bad donation service can result in us suddenly having much less money than we thought, and can result in donations going lost.
20:25 <Hydroxide> ok, I'm heading out now ... I look forward to hearing the responses
20:25 <Diziet> Thanks.
20:25 <Hydroxide> with that... bye
20:25 <cdlu> ok, thanks hy
20:25 <Overfiend> Hydroxide: thanks and good luck with class :)
20:25 <Diziet> Anywone else want to say anything about that at this point ?  Or we can take it to email.
20:25 <slef> Diziet: donation money shouldn't be counted upon until it's got to a trusted bank account.
20:25 <CosmicRay> and with that we are no longer quorate, but we can probably iron out the remaining debconf situation at this point.
20:25 <cdlu> Diziet, we can put it right to the lists
20:25 <Overfiend> we didn't even take any votes...
20:25 <Diziet> slef: But they might suddenly demand it back (and depending on contract they could get it too).
20:26 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I know it's not in the spirit of it, but I believe the letter of our constitution only requires that we be quorate at some point during the meeting.
20:26 <Overfiend> so technically we didn't need quorum, except to give cdlu another meeting to (not) minute >;-)
20:26 <Diziet> I don't think we need a vote on the debconf thing.
20:26 <slef> Diziet: aye, T&Cs&fine tooth comb :-(
20:26 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: so, big DC expenditure is back off the shelf?
20:27 <stockholm> gwolf is here now to answer additional questions
20:27 <Overfiend> okay
20:27 <Diziet> So, let me answer stockholm's question as to why we want to pay the hotel directly.
20:27 <Overfiend> wait, please
20:27 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: I think it is reasonable to discuss it now
20:27 <cdlu> Diziet, "receipt" :)
20:27 <Overfiend> let's ask gwolf the questions we had
20:27  * gwolf faces the channel
20:27 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: since all the interested parties are here
20:27 <Overfiend> gwolf: have you entered into a contract with anyone regarding DC lodgings?
20:27 <Diziet> We (the SPI board) are responsible for making sure that SPI's funds, which may only be used for US-gov-approved charitable purposes, are only used that way.
20:27 <gwolf> Overfiend: yes
20:28 <Diziet> So we need to actually know ourselves where the money is going - and know it better than `we gave it to this guy some of us know and trust'.
20:28 <Overfiend> gwolf: okay.  Are you contractually bound to personally make the payments they expect?
20:28 <CosmicRay> Diziet: quite right.
20:28 <stockholm> "personally" vs "spi makes one", i guess
20:28 <Overfiend> gwolf: also, could you provide board@spi-inc.org with an English translation of the contract?  Actually, the Spanish original might suffice, maybe Greg Pomerantz's law firm can handle translating it -- I don't know.
20:29 <gwolf> Overfiend: Well, not personally, I think... But I am the responsable person who signed the contract, and the invoices have been made in my wife's name (as she is the financial person in charge of Debconf :) )
20:29 <Diziet> You've got invoices from the hotel ?
20:29 <Diziet> Excellent.  That's what we need.
20:29 <gwolf> Overfiend: ok. For when?
20:29 <Overfiend> okay...is that Sra. Gutiérrez?
20:29 <Diziet> They're on paper, I guess ?
20:29 <gwolf> Overfiend: Sra. Gabriela Manjarrez Gutiérrez
20:29 <gwolf> Gutiérrez is the second family name
20:29 <Diziet> So who at our end is going to handle all of this double-checking and what have you ?
20:30 <gwolf> Diziet: Yes, on paper
20:30 <Overfiend> gwolf: okay.  stockholm says the .mx government needs this money as soon as possible, so the sooner you can get us this contractual info, the better
20:30 <gwolf> But we also have the document in digital format
20:30 <Overfiend> gwolf: ooh, excellent
20:30 <gwolf> Ok, I understand
20:30 <slef> Overfiend: try to find a translator from -i18n or -l10n-spanish if needed.
20:30 <gwolf> I'll send you _now_ the document
20:30 <Overfiend> gwolf: please send board@spi-inc.org that document, ... right
20:30 <gwolf> and will translate as soon as possible
20:30 <Diziet> That's great.
20:30 <Overfiend> I don't care if it's in Spanish, we will want our lawyer to see the actual original
20:30 <Overfiend> gwolf: *many* thanks
20:30 <gwolf> Overfiend: *more* thanks ;-)
20:31 <stockholm> cool
20:31 <Overfiend> heh
20:31 <Diziet> gwolf: That's great.  On the other end, what do you have in the way of assurance from NetApp that this donation is actually going to happen ?
20:31 <cdlu> so is this resolved, aside from SPI authorising it if everything works out?
20:31 <Overfiend> gwolf: do you have an account number or something?
20:31 <Diziet> We want to make sure ourselves to avoid spending money that's going to evaporate.
20:31 <Overfiend> gwolf: for this arrangement with the hotel?
20:31 <bdale> the HP donation is a certainty, just will be a while getting there, fwiw
20:31 <gwolf> Overfiend: Wait a minute on this
20:31 <Overfiend> gwolf: okay
20:31 <Diziet> ov: We can sort that out with the hotel by phone if necessary.
20:31 <Diziet> bdale: What's the amount of that one ?
20:31 <gwolf> Diziet: That's a question for stockholm :)
20:31 <Overfiend> Diziet: I just figure if we have an account number and use that, they probably don't care who pays as long as they get the money
20:32 <stockholm> Diziet: i have this mail that says "45k? sure!" and a whole bunch of email of how they plan to use the payment system etc
20:32 <Diziet> overfiend: Quite.
20:32 <gwolf> Overfiend: When would the transfer be initiated?
20:32 <Diziet> But we have to make sure to attach the right reference numbers and stuff to avoid some tedious accounting screwup :-).
20:32 <Overfiend> gwolf: I can't make any promises at this point.  The SPI Board and its counsel have to wrangle over it.
20:32 <stockholm> Diziet: 50k
20:32 <Overfiend> Diziet: yes
20:32 <Diziet> stockholm: That's great.  Can you forward those to board@ ?
20:33 <stockholm> Diziet: yeah, i can
20:33 <gwolf> ok. We need to pay _really_ soon, so the earlier the better. Please. :)
20:33 <Diziet> Someone from SPI should phone them up and confirm that this is (a) a genuine authorised email from NetApp or HP and (b) that this donation isn't now conditional because we're going to pay the hotel now.
20:33 <stockholm> Diziet: i can also forward you the invoice we sent to IBM (10k)
20:33 <gwolf> The contract is the last part of the Oaxtepec quote.
20:33 <Diziet> stockholm: Right, please do.
20:33 <stockholm> which is due sooner.
20:33 <stockholm> and then spi still has 13k from last year
20:33 <stockholm> which adds allmost up to those 19k
20:33 <gwolf> mail sent.
20:33 <stockholm> 29k
20:34 <bdale> also, note that HP will directly cover the travel expenses of any HP employees that attend, so the effective donation level is higher
20:34 (!) jvw [jeroen@220pc220.sshunet.nl] has joined #spi
20:34 (!) jvw is Jeroen van Wolffelaar on #spi #dplteam2006 #debian-kernel #debian-security #debian-mirrors #debian-cd #debian-tech #debian-bugs #debian-qa #debian-ftp #debian-webapps #debian-uk #debian-release #debian-lists #debian-devel #debian-apache at server quasar.oftc.net
20:34 <stockholm> it is just a gap of 29-23
20:34 <Diziet> Yes, we can give you your $13K of surplus from last year without being sure of the incoming donations, I think.
20:34 <Overfiend> Would it be desirable to spend $13k our of the SPI checking account now for a wire transfer to the hotel using the account number?
20:34 <bdale> (none of them should have asked for travel subsidies, so this does not affect the budget amount)
20:35 <Overfiend> Would that be at all helpful to stave off the .mx government canceling our reservation?
20:35 <gwolf> Overfiend: For bureaucratic reasons I'd rather not delve into, it would be _much_ better if you wired it to our account
20:35 <gwolf> We'd better make a single payment
20:35 <Diziet> gwolf: I'm really not happy with that.  Can you explain why it's needed ?
20:35 <Overfiend> gwolf: that's riskier for SPI from a legal standpoint
20:35 <gwolf> otherwise, there would be a lot to explain
20:35 <Diziet> (to your account, I mean)
20:35 <gwolf> ugh
20:36 <Overfiend> gwolf: maybe we should just wait until we have the full $29k
20:36 <gwolf> The thing is we will get an invoice on my wife's name
20:36 <Diziet> Yes, but companies don't care who pays the invoice.
20:36 <CosmicRay> surely we could do the full $29k
20:36 <gwolf> ...And we have to justify (to the Mexican taxes authority) how we got and how we spent that money.
20:36 <CosmicRay> and they would be OK with it
20:36 <cdlu> gwolf, so wouldnt it be easier if that money never reaches your hands?
20:36 <Overfiend> gwolf: so isn't it better if the money never passes throu...what cdlu said
20:36 <Diziet> gwolf: And if you don't touch the money, then surely that's better ?
20:37 <Overfiend> maybe the .mx government is afraid it's some kind of shadow transaction, i.e. money laundering
20:37 <Diziet> cr: We should only spend the full $29K when we are sure that Debconf is solvent.  Otherwise we're effectively risking our other projects' funds.
20:37 <bdale> if the contract is in her name, the money pretty much needs to flow through her or it looks weird to the .mx govt, I suspect
20:37 <gwolf> cdlu, Overfiend, Diziet: Would not work... Oaxtepec wants a single payment, a single invoice
20:37 <cdlu> gwolf, invoice to you, payment from SPI...
20:37 <bdale> Diziet: the DPL could certainly authorize use of funds held by SPI for Debian
20:37 <gwolf> cdlu: Well... I cannot answer for sure - I'm repeating what the accountant said
20:37 <Diziet> bdale: Indeed.
20:38 <Overfiend> gwolf: SPI's lawyer may want you to enter into an agreement with SPI
20:38 <jberkus> back in 5 min if you get to our conference discussion
20:38 <jberkus> (PG that is)
20:38 <CosmicRay> jberkus: I'm going to try
20:38 <Overfiend> gwolf: basically asserting that you're acting as our agent in Mexico to pay for thus-and-so expense
20:38 <cdlu> jberkus, I think we're 5 minutes away. :)
20:38 <bdale> in fact, this all feels like a Debian issue not an SPI issue, except to the extent that SPI will write the check and the board wants to ensure the money is being disbursed legally
20:38 <Overfiend> bdale: I agree.
20:38 <gwolf> Yes, perfect
20:38 <CosmicRay> everyone, can we please move on?  I think that this can be handled offline from here on.
20:38 <gwolf> it would be my wife, not me, but yes
20:38 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: well, first...
20:38 <Overfiend> let's decide who's doing what
20:39 <cdlu> Overfiend, can I propose...
20:39 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: fair enough.
20:39 <Overfiend> 1) we need to get the contract Gunnar signed to Greg Pomerantz
20:39 <Overfiend> done already, perhaps?
20:39 <gwolf> I am not well versed in all of the legal details, so I prefer to request the things to be handled as it has been up to now
20:39 <cdlu> that the board authorises the disbursement if the DPL, treasurer, legal counsel, and gwolf all agree? :)
20:39 <gwolf> Overfiend: Sent the mail.
20:39 <Diziet> If Gunnar signed the contract, why is it his wife that's going to pay the money ?
20:39 <Overfiend> gwolf: I see no mail from you to board@spi-inc.org
20:39 <Overfiend> gwolf: send it to me as well, leader@debian.org
20:39 <gwolf> Diziet: I am the representative, but the account is in her name. I don't exist for the taxes authority.
20:39 <Overfiend> 1) Branden will make sure Greg gets Gunnar's contract.
20:39 <gwolf> grrr... here it goes
20:40 <Overfiend> Gunnar's wife's contract, then.
20:40 <Overfiend> 2) SPI needs a copy of the NetApp email promising $45k.
20:40 <Overfiend> stockholm?
20:40 <stockholm> yes
20:40 <Overfiend> 3) Someone from SPI needs to followup with NetApp to confirm that the email is legit.
20:40 <stockholm> i am putting together the meails
20:40 <Overfiend> Diziet: would you like to do 3)?
20:41 <Diziet> ov: I'd be happy to.
20:41 <Overfiend> okay.  Are there any other puzzle pieces?
20:41 <Overfiend> that's all I can think of.
20:41 <CosmicRay> thanks overfiend.
20:41 <Diziet> If the email itself doesn't have the phone numbers etc. then I'll need those (to board@ please) too.
20:41 <stockholm> Diziet: certainly.
20:41 <gwolf> Diziet: whose phone numbers?
20:41 <Diziet> I don't understand this business with the Mexican tax authorities at all.
20:41 <stockholm> i have the complete contact of the important person here.
20:41 <CosmicRay> for a contact at netapp
20:41 <Overfiend> okay.  Thanks to everyone, especially gwolf, stockholm, and Diziet, for making this a little less terrifying
20:41 <stockholm> he just never answers
20:42 <Diziet> stockholm: Right, thanks, please.
20:42 <stockholm> ok
20:42 <Diziet> Just a moment.
20:42 <gwolf> Oh, and one more thing: The bank account data
20:42 <Overfiend> gwolf: your wife's bank account?
20:43 <stockholm> i added that to the mail to treasurer already
20:43 <gwolf> Should I send it here, or by mail to board/leader?
20:43 <Overfiend> gwolf: yes, we would need the wire info
20:43 <gwolf> stockholm: Ok, good
20:43 <Diziet> I'm still unhappy with sending the money straight to Gunnar.  It feels dodgy.  I asume there's not kind of tax dodge going on, but I want to be sure that we're not somehow ending up in some tax evasion scheme or something.
20:43 <Overfiend> gwolf: board@spi-inc.org *and* leader@debian.org, just to be safe.
20:43 <CosmicRay> Diziet: I agree, but I thought we all agreed that we would send it straight to the hotel and be ok
20:43 <gwolf> Diziet: I checked this over with my accountant. I will later provide invoices for all of it.
20:43 <Overfiend> Diziet: I'm going to have to rely on Greg to help us out with that.
20:43 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: that's not correct
20:43 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: IIRC
20:43 <CosmicRay> oh ok, well never mind then.
20:43 <Diziet> Err, no, not never mind.
20:44 <gwolf> Oh... The mails will get delivered by tomorrow, sorry :-/
20:44 <Diziet> By `never mind' you mean `that worry remains then doesn't it'.
20:44 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: Gunnar is afraid that if the invoice has his wife's name on it, but she never pays it, and yet it gets paid anyway, she'll get in trouble with the Mexican IRS
20:44 <CosmicRay> I share diziet's concern.  overfiend, please make it crystal clear to greg what the payment plan is.
20:44 <stockholm> btw: later on we will need another such payment, since we by far dont have enough US participants who need reimbursement
20:44 <gwolf> My relay SMTP is off for maintenance, I was told :(
20:44 <bdale> Diziet: in the past, money has mostly gone to the organizing team directly and so SPI hasn't had this issue since Debconf2, where we were horribly late making payment to the uni for the facilities used.
20:44 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: absolutely.  I'm as paranoid about this as you guys are.
20:44 <gwolf> ...stockholm: Could you send it? You also have all the needed data
20:44 <stockholm> we have ~4k in travel support from US participants and we will get about 55k in donations to SPI
20:44 <CosmicRay> gwolf: be prepared to have a way for SPI to pay the hotel directly in the event that this becomes necessary
20:44 <Overfiend> gwolf: yeah, I was going to /msg you about not seeing any mails from you yet.
20:44 <Diziet> bdale: Right.  Well, I don't care what big companies do with their money.  They're not charities and the manager's personal finances and liberty aren't on the line in the same way.
20:45 <Overfiend> gwolf: hmmm.  Can you scp files to people.debian.org?
20:45 <gwolf> CosmicRay: AFAIK, the SPI money will be a loan, right?
20:45 <Overfiend> gwolf: maybe put the files in a hidden directory under public_html/
20:45 <Diziet> It doesn't look like a loan to me.
20:45 <bdale> Diziet: I completely understand your point, was just back-filling why it is that this seems so unusual for the SPI board... we just haven't been in the loop since Debconf2
20:45 <CosmicRay> gwolf: it seems like a straight payment to me.
20:45 <gwolf> CosmicRay: If this does not work for a long time, we will get the sponsors' money, and will not need SPI after all
20:45 <Diziet> It's an expenditure on Debconf, and a donation from NetApp.
20:45 <stockholm> gwolf: send what?
20:45 <stockholm> gwolf: i only have the cost estimate, not the contract, do i?
20:45 <Overfiend> gwolf: no, it's not a loan because you have no obligation to repay it.  You will have an obligation to pay Oaxtepec with it, that's all/
20:45 <gwolf> stockholm: The Oaxtepec quote/invoice (debconf6-team/money-matters/quotes/oaxtepec_quote.doc
20:46 <gwolf> Overfiend: Ok, got it
20:46 <gwolf> Thing is... I don't think they will accept a split payment from different sources
20:46 <CosmicRay> ok everyone, it seems that we are not making effective progress on this issue anymore, so I'd say we ought to move on to other matters
20:46 <stockholm> ah, i did not recognize it as an invoice. sure
20:46 <gwolf> maybe they will, but anyway.
20:46 <CosmicRay> gwolf: we'll send them one payment.
20:46 <Overfiend> yeah, bdale has to go soon IIRC
20:46 <Diziet> gwolf: We'd be happy to make all of the payments, I think.
20:46 <gwolf> ok, good
20:46 <stockholm> how flexible will you guys be about the 55k that need to be payed later?
20:46 <stockholm> same route, to gunnar?
20:46 <gwolf> Well, if you make the complete payment, then yes, you can (I think) do it directly
20:47 <gwolf> (I hope :) Let me check)
20:47 <Diziet> Right.  That was the idea.
20:47 <CosmicRay> gwolf: and that, I think, was the plan.
20:47 <gwolf> Sorry, I thought it was a loan
20:47 <Diziet> What's the total amount ?  It's all going to be covered by donations ?
20:47 <Overfiend> Ideally, there is some kind of firm that serves a broker for this sort of thing.
20:47 <cdlu> stockholm, I think we'll be $15K in the hole with those two payments if no donations come in ...
20:47 <gwolf> YLet me just ask with my wife.
20:47 <gwolf> If so, we can scrap most of what I said during the alst minutes :)
20:47 <Diziet> cdlu: Does that count the $13K surplus from last year ?
20:47 <cdlu> Diziet, I'm just basing it on the treasurer's report that says we are worth $67K
20:47 <stockholm> Diziet: no, thoese are extra
20:48 <stockholm> cdlu: debconf owns you (c:
20:48 <stockholm> not true ... (c:
20:48 <CosmicRay> OK everyone.  this is an administrative issue now and we need to move on.
20:48 <Diziet> Well, I assume that there's some payment schedule here ?  Or are we expected to pay the whole bill for the whole of Debconf in one lump sum in advance ?
20:48 <Diziet> CR: OK.
20:48 <gwolf> Ok, I have to call the accountant
20:49 <CosmicRay> we have a discussion item regarding the PostgreSQL conference.
20:49 <gwolf> Today is holiday in Mexico
20:49 <cdlu> jberkus, back?
20:49 <gwolf> so tomorrow I'll get the information
20:49 <CosmicRay> Josh, are you back and can you speak to that?
20:49 <jberkus> yes
20:49 <Overfiend> let;s take it to email, board@, gwolf, andreas@schuldei.org
20:49 <jberkus> this will be quick
20:49 <gwolf> Ok, will be over mail.
20:49 <cdlu> OF, greg reads board@, yes?
20:49 <jberkus> since we can't take a vote now
20:49 <gwolf> Am I excused? :)
20:49 <stockholm> ok
20:49 <Overfiend> Cinco de Mayo, Veinte y Uno de Mars...
20:49 <stockholm> thanks a lot for your cooperation!
20:49 <Overfiend> gwolf: sure -- thank you!
20:49 <Overfiend> cdlu: yes
20:49 <jberkus> postgresql is having a hacker's summit in Toronto in July
20:49 <gwolf> Thanks a _lot_!
20:49 <cdlu> ok
20:50  * gwolf disappearing.
20:50 (!) gwolf [~gwolf@dsl-200-78-32-154.prod-infinitum.com.mx] has left #spi []
20:50 <jberkus> expense budget is about $19,000
20:50 <jberkus> current fundraising is about $26,000
20:50 <Overfiend> yikes, more huge numbers thrown about with abandon! :)
20:50 <bdale> jberkus: well done!
20:50 <cdlu> jberkus, what bdale said. :)
20:50 <Diziet> jberkus: That money is where right now ?  And how did you collect it ?
20:50 <jberkus> yeah, the  corps were more enthusiastinc than I expected
20:50 <jberkus> hasn't come in yet
20:50 <Diziet> OK.  So they're expecting to wire it to SPI ?
20:50 <jberkus> will be coming in to SPI
20:50 <Diziet> OK.
20:51 <jberkus> yes, or check or cc
20:51 <Overfiend> jberkus: "hasn't come in yet"?  You have...pledges?
20:51 <jberkus> right
20:51  * Overfiend is confused
20:51 <cdlu> heh, I just got regrets from Bruce.
20:51 <Overfiend> cdlu: bwa ha
20:51 <Overfiend> what a tool
20:51 <Overfiend> make sure that gets into the minutes :)
20:51 <cdlu> it's in the log :)
20:51 <jberkus> anyway, as soon as we get some cash in we need conference insurance
20:51 <jberkus> which SPI will have to sign since we're not a legal entity
20:51 <cdlu> jberkus, where in toronto is it? I'm spitting distance from toronto. :)
20:52 <Diziet> So you're basically going to use SPI as the conf organiser, rather than doing it personally ?
20:52 <jberkus> but we expect to pay for it out of conference funds
20:52 <Overfiend> jberkus: okay, sounds like another thing for us to get Greg to look at
20:52 <CosmicRay> jberkus: what is the deadline for getting the insurance in hand?
20:52 <jberkus> not sure
20:52 <Overfiend> when is the conference?
20:52 <jberkus> before the conference
20:52 <Overfiend> July
20:52 <CosmicRay> jberkus: if we approve it at April's board meeting, would that be soon enough?
20:52 <jberkus> July 8:  conference.postgresql.org
20:52 <CosmicRay> ok.
20:52 <jberkus> I thhink so
20:52 <Overfiend> excellent, okay
20:52 <Diziet> No, no, wait !
20:52 <Overfiend> uh oh
20:53 <Diziet> Is the plan here that the conference committee are going to act as SPI's agents, book hotels that SPI will pay for, etc. etc. ?
20:53 <jberkus> out of the PostgresQL account, yes
20:53 <Diziet> Or are some of conference organisers going to do that personally and expect us to pay the bills but it's their risk ?
20:53 <Diziet> Right.
20:53 <jberkus> up to now we've been personally paying
20:53 <bdale> Diziet: this strikes me as a case that the pgql folks will make decisions and direct SPI to disburse funds from what we will be holding for them
20:53 <jberkus> becuase money hasn't come in yet
20:53 <Diziet> That means the conf ctte will have to get authorisation from Jimmy or Branden for each substantial expenditure.
20:54 <jberkus> yes
20:54 (!) Ganneff [~joerg@ganneff.netrep.oftc.net] has left #spi []
--- Log closed Di Mär 21 20:54:15 2006
--- Log opened Di Mär 21 20:54:26 2006
20:54 (!) Ganneff [~joerg@ganneff.netrep.oftc.net] has joined #spi
20:54 (!) Irssi: #spi: Total of 32 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 32 normal]
20:54 (!) Irssi: Join to #spi was synced in 0 secs
20:54 <Overfiend> but we'll want to keep the board in the loop
20:54 <jberkus> absolutely, we discussed this with Jimmy before we joined SPI
20:54 <Overfiend> I want Greg to see this stuff happen so he can smack us if we announce our intention to do something stupid
20:54 <Overfiend> as he did yesterday
20:54 <bdale> right, we just have to remind ourselves of what we already know sometimes
20:54 <Diziet> But we need Jimmy to clearly state to the conf ctte what the conf ctte are authorised to dio.
20:54 <jberkus> btw, I'm not on the board list
20:55  * Overfiend is not at all opposed to moving various things to spi-private.
20:55 <jberkus> currently I'm acting board observer until Postgres has new elections; should I be on the board list?
20:55 <Diziet> Yes.
20:55 <Overfiend> jberkus: if that's your status, then yes.
20:55 <jberkus> yes ... we're working out the terms of the elections now but until then I'm acting liason and observer
20:55 <Overfiend> hmm.  Our technical admins have been Joy and Wiggy, and they've been wildly AWOL for a long time.
20:56 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: who can we turn to for chic administration these days?
20:56 <bdale> I'm late leaving... bye
20:56 <Overfiend> bdale: cya bdale...thanks!
20:56 <Diziet> bdale: bye
20:56 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: I don't know, that's been a concern of mine too
20:56 <cdlu> OF, good question. I'm the only person who has logged in to chic this month.
20:56 <Overfiend> cdlu: do you have root?
20:56 <jberkus> chic?
20:56 <cdlu> no.
20:56 <Diziet> Anyone want to volunteer to admin it ?
20:56 <cdlu> jberkus, our server
20:56 <Overfiend> jberkus: chic == *.spi-inc.org
20:56 <jberkus> ah
20:56 <cdlu> Diziet, I say we make technical a board role starting at this annual meeting (segue for you CR :))
20:57 <Overfiend> anyone includes any SPI members observing/lurking
20:57 <jberkus> question: if the pg people got together to supply SPI with a CMS and new server, would it be rejected?
20:57 <Overfiend> cdlu: SECONDED
20:57 <Overfiend> jberkus: I
20:57  * slef does but is randomly away
20:57 <CosmicRay> ok...
20:57 <Overfiend> jberkus: I'm not sure we need the hardware.  We probably do need a CMS, and we definitely need an admin.
20:57 <CosmicRay> jberkus: have we discussed your item to your satisfaction?
20:57 <jberkus> yes
20:57 <Diziet> jberkus: We need a webmaster more than we need a CMS :-).
20:57 <cdlu> jberkus, I think we're ok for hardware, we need manhours and volunteers and design and stuff. But I don't think we turn hardware down.. :)
20:58 <jberkus> right, but a good CMS brings down the time commitment of webmaster
20:58 <Overfiend> Diziet: it has been noted with some justification that the SPI site is ugly as hell
20:58 <CosmicRay> OK.  jberkus, I think we would be happy to have some of that, but in light of the time, perhaps this would better be discussed via email.
20:58 <jberkus> yes
20:58 <slef> Diziet: you need a sysadmin to give the webmaster access and monitor them.
20:58 <CosmicRay> now then, cdlu, let's move to the annual meeting.
20:58 <cdlu> okay
20:58 <Overfiend> wait
20:58 <cdlu> ok :)
20:58 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: there was a motion proposed and seconded
20:58 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: you can rule it out of order, I guess, but please rule :)
20:59 <cdlu> well
20:59 <cdlu> oevrfiend, it falls under what I'm about to discuss :)
20:59 <Overfiend> oh ah
20:59 <Overfiend> okay, I'll shut up for 2 seconds then
20:59 <jberkus> I'm in quiet lurk mode now, in-person meeting starting ...
20:59 <CosmicRay> Overfiend: We don't presently have quorum so I've been trying to pick out things that we don't have to vote on
20:59  * cdlu grins diplomatically
20:59 <Overfiend> CosmicRay: ah, right.  I forgot.
20:59 <cdlu> ok, may I? :)
20:59 <CosmicRay> cdlu: please
20:59 <cdlu> July 1 of this year, 3 board members will have expired
20:59 <Diziet> No, making the admin a board role is hardly going to help.  It'll just add friction and resistance to getting and keeping an admin if they have to be elected and turn up to board meetings etc.
20:59 <cdlu> they are Benjamin Mako Hill, Bruce Perens, and John Goerzen
20:59 <Overfiend> (my condolences to their families)
21:00 <cdlu> running is open to anyone, we'll have to figure out the logistics of that
21:00 <cdlu> after the election we will be selecting our officers for the next year
21:00 <cdlu> including, I suggest and OF seconded, a formal role of Technical Dude on the board
21:00 <cdlu> btw, I do not intend to run for a third year as secretary
21:00 <CosmicRay> makes sense.
21:00 <CosmicRay> what do we need to be doing now?
21:00 <cdlu> that's all for now, we will have to organise logistics
21:00 <cdlu> ie who is running, how we're doing the counting
21:00 <Diziet> For now we need to decide on a rough election timetable.
21:01 <cdlu> especially with our technical crew disappeared
21:01 <Overfiend> what do the bylaws say?
21:01 <cdlu> OF, this is something that was created by a resolution, not by-laws
21:01 <Overfiend> maybe we can resurrcet wiggy
21:01 <cdlu> as a way to address the 3 year terms in by-laws
21:01 <Diziet> The bylaws are still the mad thing where the board makes it all up.
21:01 <cdlu>  http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/resolution-2004-08-10.dbg.2
21:01 <Overfiend> how about a 2-week nomination period followed by a 2-week voting period?
21:01 <cdlu> OF, it's all spelled out in that resolution
21:02 <Overfiend> oh, that's good
21:02 <Overfiend> yes
21:02 <Overfiend> let's change the dates to protect the guilty and go with that
21:02 <Overfiend> when we're quorate again.
21:02 <cdlu> we don't need to vote on anything, we've already adopted the resolution
21:02 <cdlu> this was informational, especially to people not on the board that wish to run
21:02 <cdlu> that's all from me on the topic :)
21:03 <cdlu> CR, back to you
21:03 <CosmicRay> ok, very good.
21:03 <CosmicRay> is there anything else we can discuss today in our non-quorate state?
21:03 <cdlu> I think that's about it
21:03 <Diziet> I would like to volunteer to be Secretary, after the elections, unless someone else is keener.
21:03 <cdlu> Diziet, it's a matter of election. You can run following the elections.
21:04 <Diziet> Right.
21:04 <CosmicRay> OK.  In that case, I'm ready to adjourn until April 18 unless there is any objection.
21:04 <Diziet> But I wasn't expecting us to have several candidates :-).
21:04 <Overfiend>      April 2006
21:04 <Overfiend> Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa
21:04 <Overfiend>                    1
21:04 <Overfiend>  2  3  4  5  6  7  8
21:04 <Overfiend>  9 10 11 12 13 14 15
21:04 <cdlu> no objections.
21:04 <Overfiend> 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
21:04 <slef> So what happened about the web site?
21:04 <Overfiend> 23 24 25 26 27 28 29
21:04 <Overfiend> 30
21:04 <CosmicRay> OK.  We stand adjourned until April 18.
21:04 <CosmicRay> *GAVEL*
