21:00 <CosmicRay> *GAVEL*
21:00 <CosmicRay> [item 1, opening] This meeting of the Board of Software in the Public Interest, Inc., is called to order.
21:00 <CosmicRay> PLEASE NOTE: Our agenda for today, AND all the resolutions and minutes we will be voting on, are online at:
21:00 <CosmicRay> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/
21:00 <CosmicRay> [item 2, roll call] Board members, please state your name for the record.  Others present may /msg cdlu with your full name if you wish to be listed in the records.
21:00 <IanJackson> (While we wait: Open Source voting software may be better but _projects_ for Open Source voting software are (a) a dangerous distraction and (b) muddy the message that we should have processes that don't depend on the computers' integrity in which case the Open Sourceness of any software is much less relevant.)
21:00  * cdlu ribs CosmicRay
21:00 <CosmicRay> We have 9 board members, so quorum for today is 6.
21:00 <CosmicRay> We have regrets from Branden.
21:00  * Hydroxide notes BrucePerens's ident information and ircname
21:00 <cdlu> David Graham
21:00 <CosmicRay> John Goerzen
21:00 <bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 <Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:00 <IanJackson> Ian Jackson
21:00 <CosmicRay> that's 5....
21:00 <cdlu> BrucePerens: ping?
21:00 <BrucePerens> Bruce Perens
21:00 <cdlu> quorum
21:01 <CosmicRay> [item 3, president's update]
21:01 <CosmicRay> Please see the call for contributions for the annual report that was
21:01 <CosmicRay> sent to spi-general.
21:01 <CosmicRay> [item 4, treasurer's report]  Jimmy/Branden, you have the floor.
21:01 <CosmicRay> ahem.
21:01 <Hydroxide> Unfortunately, I haven't had the time to prepare the treasurer's reports. (Hence me stepping down in July.) I will, however, get John the info he needs for the annual reports by his deadline of the 26th, and get caught up on Treasurer's reports before the new officers take office on July 29.
21:02  * cdlu pings joey and mako
21:02 <CosmicRay> any discussion?
21:02 <jberkus> Hydroxide: do we need to discuss the registration?
21:02 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I expect to give you something about/from OFTC, but it won't be much. Wrt president's report.
21:02 <CosmicRay> cdlu: excellent, thanks.
21:02 <Hydroxide> jberkus: there's an item for that later
21:03  * Hydroxide moves to proceed
21:03 <Hydroxide> (to the minutes)
21:03 <CosmicRay> any other discussion on financial issues?
21:03  * bdale registers his disappointement at the lack of a report
21:03  * CosmicRay seconds that
21:03 <Hydroxide> bdale: Understood.
21:03 <CosmicRay> ok, let's move on.
21:03 <CosmicRay> [item 5, outstanding minutes] 12 minutes to review.  cdlu, you have
21:03 <CosmicRay> the floor.
21:04 <cdlu> umm, ok. I'll take it
21:04 <CosmicRay> oh, slef wanted to say something?
21:04 <cdlu> there are six minutes completed and posted.
21:04 <cdlu> ?
21:04 <CosmicRay> I guess not
21:04 <slef> has the board noticed the SPI partners / debian donations discussion on debian-project/debian-vote?
21:04 <slef> sorry, eating
21:04  * cdlu has not
21:04 <Hydroxide> I haven't been reading -project or -vote
21:05 <Hydroxide> hopefully when Debian wants to talk to the board, someone will email board@
21:05 <IanJackson> slef: I'm aware of that but I'll summarise for the minutes.  Give me a mo.
21:05 <slef> ok that's all from me
21:05 <IanJackson> Re minutes: 6 done ?
21:05 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: yes. the ones that don't say (log only)
21:05  * Hydroxide reviewed them before the meeting and is ready to approve them
21:05 <IanJackson> Hydroxide.  Oh, right.
21:05 (!) Joey [joey@luonnotar.infodrom.org] has joined #spi
21:05 (!) Joey is Joey Schulze on #spi #debian-devel #debian.de at server neutron.oftc.net
21:06 <cdlu> Minutes for July 1st and 26th, 2005, January 17th, February 21st, April 18th, and May 16th, 2006 are all available for voting. We can vote on them individually
21:06 <cdlu> or as a group.
21:06 <CosmicRay> is there a motion to approve these minutes?
21:06 <IanJackson> I think these things should be sent out by email if they're ready before the meeting so that we can review them.
21:06 <cdlu> I posted a couple of reminders to the lists so I expect everyone has read them. They've been up for over a week.
21:06 <IanJackson> I don't want to approve them before reading them.
21:06 <bdale> I wasn't present for all the meetings, so will abstain if they're voted as a group
21:06 <cdlu> Ian, if you don't read the messages to the list, that's your problem.
21:06 <IanJackson> cdlu: Just a mo, looking for it.
21:07 <cdlu> I sent one on the thirteenth, and one earlier today.
21:07 <jberkus> IanJackson: out of curiosity, did you receive my reply to your proposal this morning?
21:07 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I propose that we do an abbreviated, but separate vote. If you'll oblige.
21:07 <IanJackson> cdlu: To where ?  board@ ?  What was the subject line ?
21:07 <IanJackson> jberkus: Yes, but I haven't had time to read it properly, or to reply.
21:08 <cdlu> 1: y/n/a, 2: y/n/a, 3: y/n/a, 4: y/n/a, 5: y/n/a, 6: y/n/a. for them in chronological order.
21:08 <jberkus> ok, just checking, because it seems that you didn't get an earlier e-mail I sent to board@
21:08 <IanJackson> Point of order!
21:08 <cdlu>     6387 Jun 13 To: board@spi-inc.org                          (2696) Meeting reminder - june 20th - and agenda
21:08 <cdlu> maybe I'm a victim of your sauce.
21:08 <IanJackson> cdlu: I got that mail.  It doesn't say anything about minutes to be approved.
21:08 <CosmicRay> ok, I believe we should either have a motion to vote or to proceed.
21:08 <IanJackson> It just contains a URL of a web page.
21:09 <cdlu> Ian, the agenda, oddly enough.
21:09 <cdlu> do you ever read the agenda?
21:09 <CosmicRay> the agenda is too full to dither about what was in email.
21:09  * Hydroxide suggests that the disagreement happen outside the meeting
21:09 <IanJackson> Well, I'm not ready to vote on these minutes.
21:09 <cdlu> I don't post URLs to the list to hear the sound of my own voice, really. :)
21:09 <IanJackson> outside the meeting> fine by me.
21:09 <BrucePerens> So abstain.
21:09  * Hydroxide moves to vote since I think most of us are ready to vote
21:09  * cdlu seconds
21:09 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: to vote on them all as a group?
21:09 <Hydroxide> yes
21:10 <Hydroxide> in the interest of time
21:10 <cdlu> CosmicRay, would you accept voting on them individually, as a group, as I suggested above?
21:10 <Hydroxide> cdlu: I'd accept that
21:10 <cdlu> there is noone here who was at all 6.
21:10 <CosmicRay> cdlu: I didn't parse that sentence
21:10 <cdlu> Tue Jun 20 15:07:49 2006 | <cdlu:#spi> CosmicRay, I propose that we do an abbreviated, but separate vote. If you'll oblige.
21:10 <cdlu> Tue Jun 20 15:08:08 2006 | <cdlu:#spi> 1: y/n/a, 2: y/n/a, 3: y/n/a, 4: y/n/a, 5: y/n/a, 6: y/n/a. for them in chronological order.
21:11 <CosmicRay> cdlu: if you think you can count it, sure.
21:11 <CosmicRay> is there any further discussion before we vote?
21:11 <cdlu> I can count it as long as everyone does it :)
21:11 <CosmicRay> seeing none, let's vote
21:11 <CosmicRay> !vote start
21:11 <CosmicRay> 1: a, 2: a, 3: a, 4:a, 5: a, 6: a
21:11 <cdlu> !vote 1: y, 2: y, 3: y, 4, y: 5, y, 6: y.
21:11 <Hydroxide> 1: y, 2: y, 3: a, 4: y, 5: a, 6: y
21:11 <IanJackson> I would like the minutes to note that I don't consider David Graham's message with the agenda URL adequate notice.
21:11 <IanJackson> I vote no in each case.
21:11 <CosmicRay> sorry but I haven't had time to read them yet
21:11 <BrucePerens> !vote 1: y 2: y 3: y 4: y 5: y 6: y
21:11 <IanJackson> CR: So vote no.
21:11 <bdale> !vote 1: a, 2: a, 3: a, 4: y, 5: y, 6: y
21:12 <cdlu> Ian, it'll be noted in the log.
21:12 <IanJackson> cdlu: I want it noted in the minutes too.
21:12 <CosmicRay> IanJackson: it is not cdlu's fault that I haven't had time to read them.
21:12 <cdlu> I don't care
21:12 <CosmicRay> nor the fault of the minutes.
21:12 <IanJackson> CR: We don't know whether the minutes are faulty.
21:12 <cdlu> Ian, so read them when I post them a week ahead of the meeting.
21:12 <BrucePerens> There is nothing wrong with abstaining if you don't feel it's OK to say Yes.
21:12 <CosmicRay> IanJackson: which is why I'm not expressing an opinion either way.
21:12 <IanJackson> cdlu: You did not post the minutes.  You posted an agenda URL.
21:12  * Hydroxide thinks its well established that minutes are posted as part of the agenda
21:13 <Joey> 1/a, 2y, 3a, 4a, 5a, 6a, 7a, 8a, 9a, 10a, 11y, 12a
21:13 <bdale> I read them all.  I think the ones for the meetings I attended were ok.  I'm abstaining for the ones I was not present for.
21:13 <CosmicRay> IanJackson: which linked to the minutes....
21:13 <cdlu> then there's joey...
21:13 <BrucePerens> Why wasn'
21:13 <CosmicRay> cdlu: has everyone voted?
21:13 <IanJackson> It is well established that the agenda URL points to a page which contains no useful information and certainly no written-up minutes !
21:13 <BrucePerens> t I informed of all those extra meetings, Joey? :-)
21:13 <cdlu> cosmicray, cdlu, hydroxide, bdale, bruceperens, joey have voted. that's everyone.
21:13 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: he was including the (log only) ones
21:13 <Hydroxide> cdlu: and Ian, of course
21:13 <IanJackson> The agenda page contents has been constantly edited right up to and during the meeting.
21:14 <bdale> IanJackson: stop it.  the agenda URL sometimes has been useful, and this time was particularly so.  you should have read your email and looked, showing up for the meeting with no advance prep is bad form
21:14 <cdlu> no, ian hasn't voted has he?
21:14 <Hydroxide> cdlu: do you have any vote totals?
21:14 <IanJackson> cdlu: I have voted no in all cases.
21:14 <Hydroxide> cdlu: He said he votes no in each case
21:14 <Hydroxide> he didn't do your vote format
21:14 <BrucePerens> Yawn.
21:14 <cdlu> oh that'll be fun. 5 people voted right. can I only count them?
21:14 <Joey> I'm not going to reorder or renumber an arbitrary number of 11 meetings, sorry.
21:15 <CosmicRay> cdlu: can we proceed now and you can announce the result later?
21:15 <Joey> (that's too error-prone)
21:15 <Hydroxide> here's joey's vote correctly: 1:a 2:y 3:a 4:a 5:y 6:a
21:15 <Joey> cdlu has the log, fortunately.
21:15 <Hydroxide> that's what Joey voted
21:15 <cdlu> CR, that's fine with me.
21:15 <CosmicRay> ok.  moving on.
21:15 <CosmicRay> [item 6, election voting software] is there discussion on this?
21:15 <cdlu> yes. I have found the old voting software on chic
21:16 <cdlu> but have neither the permissions nor a clue how to use it.
21:16 <CosmicRay> have you contacted wiggy?
21:16 <Joey> cdlu: weasel should know it, iirc.
21:16 <Joey> (or maybe I'm mixing up things)
21:16 <cdlu> Joey, weasel has disavowed any connection to it, even though he wrote it
21:16 <cdlu> cosmicray, not yet.
21:16 <bdale> are we stuck not using Manoj's code because of the difference in SPI vs Debian vote counting rules?
21:16 <Joey> cdlu: Err...
21:17 <Hydroxide> bdale: and because we use web-based voting and not email+gpg
21:17 <CosmicRay> bdale: yes, I believe that is part of it.
21:17 <bdale> hrm.  I'd forgotten that.  shame to not use something that exists and is well oiled within a member project.
21:17 <Hydroxide> bdale: (not all non-DD SPI members have GPG keys)
21:17 <bdale> Hydroxide: that seems pretty lame, but I won't argue it
21:17 <Hydroxide> bdale: I think that when Manoj rewrites devotee as he is planning to do, it might be more suitable then
21:17 <cdlu> CosmicRay, so yes, there is discussion. :)
21:18 <Maulkin> When's the vote?
21:18  * Maulkin could look / make it work again if wanted
21:18 <luk> Maulkin: I wanted to ask the same thing :-)
21:18  * luk could help
21:18 <cdlu> Maulkin, July 1st-29th
21:18 <Hydroxide> Jul 15 - Jul 28
21:18 <Hydroxide> cdlu: no, that's the whole election
21:18 <cdlu> the software has to be ready for the first so I can put the campaign stuff up
21:18 <Maulkin> Enough time then.
21:18  * Maulkin + Luk can do it if wanted
21:18 <cdlu> though strictly speaking it needs to be usable by the 15th.
21:19 <cdlu> I can always post the campaign statements under secretary :)
21:19 <IanJackson> I would offer to help with the software but I'll be a candidate AIUI.
21:19 <Maulkin> cdlu: Campaign stuff seems to have come under secreatry before...
21:19 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: from what cdlu has said most recently, that's not true
21:19 <cdlu> Maulkin, it's possible. I'm not sure how it all works.
21:20 <Hydroxide> cdlu: Maulkin is right
21:20 <IanJackson> cdlu: For the record can you tell us which board members are up for reelection ?
21:20 <Maulkin> cdlu: Well, if we move to the new website... But that's later in the agenda
21:20 <jberkus> if it's all broken, I can probably get someone to do it from scratch
21:20 <jberkus> but no promises
21:20 <cdlu> Ian, Bruce, Mako, and Cosmicray's seats are up
21:20 <cdlu> s/Ian,//
21:20 <Hydroxide> yeah, not Ian
21:21 <IanJackson> cdlu: OK then.  In that case I volunteer to do the tallying etc. if no other better solution occurs before the task needs doing.
21:21 <cdlu> Ian, noted.
21:22 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I think we're done with this for now.
21:22 <IanJackson> I don't promise to write any useable software but I will of course make what I do verifiable so people can spot any mistakes I make.
21:22 <cdlu> I can work with Maulkin, et al., outside of meeting.
21:22 <CosmicRay> excellent...  let's move on to:
21:22 <CosmicRay> [item 6, call for nominations]
21:22 <CosmicRay> cdlu, I guess this is yours as well
21:22 <cdlu> ok
21:22 <cdlu> starting at 0000 on the 1st I will accept nominations
21:22 <cdlu> and post them
21:22 <cdlu> nominations are self-nominations. Just a position statement.
21:23 <Maulkin> 00:00 timezone?
21:23 <CosmicRay> cdlu: deadline is?
21:23 <cdlu> zulu
21:23 <cdlu> deadline is midnight the 13th
21:23 <cdlu> I highly recommend they're in before then
21:23 <jberkus> can I send you my nomination ahead of time to hold until the 1st?
21:23 <cdlu> 23:59:59 the 13th
21:23 <jberkus> I'll be running a confernece July 1-13
21:23 <cdlu> jberkus, I'd rather not. I'm not prepared for them yet.
21:23 <cdlu> jberkus, understood. send it to me before the conference, I'll do what I can.
21:23 <luk> jberkus: cronjob :-)
21:24 <cdlu> CosmicRay: .
21:24 <luk> jberkus: or at even
21:24 <slef> <Maulkin> 00:00 timezone?
21:24 <CosmicRay> cdlu: can you post all this to -announce?
21:24 <jberkus> taking offline
21:24 <Maulkin> slef: < cdlu> zulu
21:24 <Maulkin> slef: AKA UTC
21:24 <slef> wtf is zulu?  .za?
21:24 <slef> oic
21:24 <BrucePerens> UTC
21:25 <CosmicRay> heh
21:25 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I posted something to -annouce and -general a few days ago. I think the announce is held up in queue, I'll need to fix that.
21:25 <CosmicRay> ok.
21:25 <CosmicRay> are we ready to move on then?
21:25 <cdlu> yep.
21:25  * Hydroxide is
21:25 <CosmicRay> [item 6, 3 candidates this year]
21:25 <CosmicRay> I think we covered this already
21:25 <IanJackson> Why can't we open nominations immediately ?
21:25 <CosmicRay> so now back one item to....
21:25 <CosmicRay> [item 6, officer roles]
21:25 <cdlu> Ian, read the resolution.
21:25 <cdlu> CosmicRay, to be discussed following the election.
21:25 <schultmc> two item 6's?
21:26 <CosmicRay> schultmc: more than that ;-)
21:26 <CosmicRay> see the agenda
21:26 <cdlu> they're all <ul> items on item 6 :)
21:26 <CosmicRay> ok then.  on to:
21:26 <schultmc> ah
21:26 <CosmicRay> [item 6, OVF membership]
21:26 <CosmicRay> the discussion we've all been waiting for.
21:26  * Hydroxide moves to vote given that there's been a lot of discussion on-list and then before the meeting
21:26 <cdlu> CosmicRay if there is no objection, I move we go straight to voting on Ian's amendment to the resolution.
21:26 <Hydroxide> (specifically, on Ian's amendment then the resolution)
21:26  * Hydroxide seconds
21:26 <agliodbs> switching IDs in order to switch machines, sorry <-- Josh Berkus
21:26 <CosmicRay> cdlu: is that in the agenda?
21:26 <cdlu> CosmicRay, it is.
21:27 <cdlu> it's right below the resolution under the resolutions appendix
21:27 <CosmicRay> yes.
21:27 <CosmicRay> OK, we have a motion and a second to vote on Amendment 2006-06-20.iwj.1.
21:27 <CosmicRay> any discussion before we vote?
21:27 <cdlu> none here
21:27 <CosmicRay> hearing none, let's vote:
21:27 <CosmicRay> !vote start
21:27 <Hydroxide> !vote no
21:27 <CosmicRay> !vote no
21:27 <cdlu> !vote no
21:27 <BrucePerens> !vote no
21:28 <bdale> !vote no
21:28 <cdlu> Ian, Joey?
21:28  * cdlu rolls eyes
21:28 <BrucePerens> There's so much blather that it's tempting to look at another window, and then you miss the vote.
21:28 <Joey> !vote no
21:29 <CosmicRay> BrucePerens: ahh, the blue sky of death
21:29 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: time to vote for your amendment
21:29 <cdlu> CosmicRay, the result can obviously no longer be changed. shall we move on to the resolution?
21:29 <CosmicRay> cdlu: yes
21:29 <CosmicRay> !vote stop
21:29 <IanJackson> Sorry, I've been absent for a bit.
21:29 <IanJackson> My network died here briefly.
21:29 <BrucePerens> It didn't matter.
21:29  * IanJackson reads scrool.
21:29 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: can we presume you voted yes on your amendment?
21:29 <IanJackson> Hy: Yes.
21:29 <Hydroxide> cdlu: note that in the vote totals then
21:29 <cdlu> and you wonder why it takes so long for me to do minutes.
21:29 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: all other directors present voted no
21:29 <CosmicRay> let the record show that 2006-06-20.iwj.1 did not pass.
21:30 <CosmicRay> is there a motion to vote on 2006-06-06.dbg.1?
21:30 <cdlu> so moved
21:30  * Hydroxide so moves
21:30 <bdale> seconded
21:30 <CosmicRay> any discussion?
21:30 <IanJackson> Yes, let's vote on it.
21:30 <CosmicRay> ok.
21:30 <cdlu> CosmicRay, tons, but it's already taken place.
21:30 <CosmicRay> !vote start
21:30 <Hydroxide> !vote no
21:30 <cdlu> !vote yes
21:30 <BrucePerens> !vote yes
21:30 <bdale> !vote yes
21:30 <IanJackson> For clarity for the record, please record my vote as yes on my amendment.
21:30 <IanJackson> !vote no
21:31 <CosmicRay> !vote yes
21:31 <Joey> !vote yes
21:31 <cdlu> Yes: 5, No: 2, Abstain: 0
21:31 <IanJackson> Right.
21:31 <CosmicRay> !vote stop
21:32 <CosmicRay> 2006-06-06.dbg.1 has passed.
21:32 <slef> shame!
21:32 <CosmicRay> I believe that fully resolves this item, correct?
21:32 <IanJackson> slef: Not exactly helpful.
21:32 <IanJackson> CosmicRay: I think so, yes.
21:32 <CosmicRay> ok.
21:32 <BrucePerens> Slef, you're not stuck with the machines from the bad guys.
21:32  * cdlu hands slef a piece of cardboard, a marker, and a stick
21:32 <CosmicRay> [item 6, Spain trademark]
21:32 <CosmicRay> who is working on this item?
21:33 <bdale> IanJackson: I'm sympathetic with your points, but don't believe SPI should take a stand on that in preference to supporting OVF as a project that falls within our guidelines
21:33 <IanJackson> BrucePerens: it _doesn't matter_ if the machines are from the bad guys if your election arrangements are at all competent.  If your arrangements are _not_ competent then you're sunk even with Free software.  As I pointed out.
21:33  * Hydroxide politely requests the OVF-related discussion to be delayed, now that the vote is over, until after the meeting
21:33 <IanJackson> bdale: That's a reasonable position.
21:33 <CosmicRay> *rap rap*   this election discussion is out of order.
21:33 <BrucePerens> Ian, I hear you. Cant
21:34 <BrucePerens> no
21:34 <BrucePerens> no
21:34 <CosmicRay> Is there any discussion on the spain trademark?
21:34 <BrucePerens> Oops. Sorry.
21:34 <CosmicRay> cdlu: do you know whose item this was?
21:34  * Hydroxide thinks someone should be dealing with the trademark issue
21:34 <CosmicRay> cdlu: it seems this has been on our agenda for a few months
21:34 <Hydroxide> it needs to get dealt with
21:34 <CosmicRay> and we haven't done anything about it
21:34 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: agreed
21:34 <Hydroxide> but I don't know who is doing it
21:34 <wnoronha> Regarding the spanish trademark issue, i think i can ask some friends of mine who work   can prolly help out. the organization is hipatia and ourproject.org
21:34 <IanJackson> Last month we asked a bunch of questions and we still don't seem to have the answers.
21:34 (!) wnoronha is now known as wnorrix
21:34 <cdlu> CosmicRay, it's something noone's exactly wanted to take ownership of, to be frank.
21:34 <BrucePerens> As I was saying before ircII did something strange, Ian, I hear you. Can't say I agree. Best to table the discussion, given the vote.
21:35 <slef> 29:03 <slef> <mako> slef: i can get greg's advice
21:35 <CosmicRay> IanJackson: did someone actually send the questions to the appropriate party?
21:35 <IanJackson> BrucePerens: Yes, we should agree to disagree.
21:35 <IanJackson> CosmicRay: I don't know.
21:35 <Joey> could we... er... continue with the trademark in Spain?
21:35 <IanJackson> I think so.
21:35 <CosmicRay> we need someone to champion this issue.
21:35 <cdlu> as of last meeting we were still waiting for mako to hear back from greg.
21:35 <slef> (from last month, from the month before, currently scanning)
21:35 <CosmicRay> cdlu: sounds like mako needs to send a ping to greg.
21:35 <Maulkin> wnoronha has offered assistance BTW
21:36 <slef> 33:47 <Overfiend> let's get Greg's advice and handle it via email resolution
21:36 <Maulkin> In case it was missed
21:36 <slef> 34:20 <mako> i left a message
21:36 <bdale> cdlu: I'm not prepared to vote on this until we have an answer from Greg
21:36 <IanJackson> There were big mail chains and I think Javier was CC'd on many of them.
21:36 <slef> end of log section
21:36 <Hydroxide> Maulkin: the main assistance we need right now is email advice from our lawyer. we already have a spanish lawyer willing to sue pro bono
21:36 <Maulkin> Hydroxide: Ahh, ok :)
21:36 <wnorrix> Maulkin: yes. I dont mind helping out. I know people there who will be glad to help out.
21:37 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: would you be willing to ping mako and/or greg?
21:37 <CosmicRay> or wnorrix, you could too.
21:37 <Hydroxide> CosmicRay: sure. I'm actually in NYC and have greg's phone number
21:37 <Hydroxide> CosmicRay: so I'm probably the right one to ping him
21:37 <cdlu> Hydroxide, perfect
21:37 <CosmicRay> Hydroxide: super.
21:37 <Hydroxide> (more so than mako even, as of now)
21:37 <Joey> Hydroxide: That'd be good.
21:37 <Joey> We should shelve the issue then.
21:37 <CosmicRay> agreed.
21:38 <CosmicRay> let's move on then...
21:38 <CosmicRay> [item 6, VP responsibilities]
21:38 <Joey> However, we should be prepared to mail-vote on this issue, since not too much time should pass without any reaction on our end if we should want to sue that guy.
21:38  * cdlu notes the discussion -board about his agenda posting practices and is thankful he won't be secretary after next meeting.
21:38 <bdale> Joey: I thought we all agreed to do that last time and are just hung waiting for a reply from Greg
21:39 <CosmicRay> cdlu: are we doing the VP responsibilities thing today?
21:39 <Joey> bdale: if we all agreed on it, then there's no need to vote but only to make it happen.
21:39 <cdlu> CosmicRay, I'd like to. Is this other discussion again deferred?
21:39 <slef> Joey: months are drifting by already.
21:39 <bdale> Joey: s/agreed to do that/agreed to vote by email/
21:39 <Joey> slef: that's what I meant.
21:39 <CosmicRay> cdlu: it sounds like it.
21:39 <Joey> bdale: Oh, that... :)
21:40 <cdlu> CosmicRay, yeah..
21:40 <CosmicRay> unless someone has a motion to make?
21:40 <cdlu> Has everyone had a chance to read my resolution on Vice President responsibilities?
21:40 <bdale> cdlu: when you say 'admin' you mean computer system admin stuff, right?
21:40 <cdlu> it was posted to -board a few days ago and is attached to the agenda.
21:40  * CosmicRay actually has ;-)
21:40 <cdlu> bdale, yes
21:41  * Joey wonders if we actually need a resolution like 2006-06-16.dbg.1
21:41 <Maulkin> I think admin == admin@spi-inc.org recepients
21:41 <bdale> I'm ok with the notion that the VP does this, but it's not clear to me that making it part of a role like VP is better than having it be an explicit board delegation to an interested individual?
21:41 <cdlu> Joey, I think it will be helpful to have someone on board who can at least keep tabs on what's going on.
21:41 <Joey> the VP needs to be able to step in as P when P is unavailable.
21:41 <BrucePerens> OK with the resolution here.
21:41 <cdlu> bdale, because the VP has no role other than to exist at the moment, so it's highly sought after. Instead of making an additional position, might as well make it this one.
21:41 <IanJackson> I think having someone on board take responsibility for it is a plus, even if there is an actual volunteer who is doing the actual admin.
21:41 <cdlu> That's my thinking there. :)
21:42 <bdale> ok, I understand
21:42 <bdale> having the VP be the responsible individual whether doing the work or not makes sense to me
21:42 <cdlu> Joey, one does not preclude the other
21:42 <CosmicRay> bdale: exactly.
21:43 <bdale> still not clearly the best solution, but I'm ok with it
21:43  * cdlu moves to vote
21:43  * Hydroxide pre-typed his tax filing update to save us time
21:43 <Joey> this work should "somehow" be shared among P and VP imho.
21:43 <cdlu> bdale, resolutions can always be amended or changed in the future
21:43  * Hydroxide seconds cdlu's motion
21:43 <IanJackson> Hydroxide: yay!  Email it to us and we can read it while we wait ?
21:43 <CosmicRay> ok, Resolution 2006-06-16.dbg.1 has been moved and seconded.
21:43 <IanJackson> Yes, let's vote on this now and we can change it later if we feel like it.
21:43 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: it's next, so if we're voting now, there's no need
21:43 <CosmicRay> is there any additional discussion?
21:43 <CosmicRay> seeing none....
21:43 <CosmicRay> !vote start
21:43 <Joey> !vote abstain
21:43 <cdlu> !vote yes
21:43 <IanJackson> !vote ye
21:43 <Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:44 <CosmicRay> !vote yes
21:44 <IanJackson> !vote yes
21:44 <BrucePerens> !vote yes
21:44 <bdale> !vote abstain
21:44 <IanJackson> Sorry to be confusing.  Vote early, vote often.
21:44 <CosmicRay> !vote stop
21:44 <cdlu> Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2
21:44 <CosmicRay> 2006-06-16.dbg.1 has passed.
21:44 <CosmicRay> [item 6, bookkeeping status]
21:44 <cdlu> Ian, I almost counted you for 1.66 :)
21:44 <Hydroxide> Quick update: The next step with taxes is to register with NYS. I will email them and ask to talk with them about dealing with our filing delinquencies in previous years and getting squared up with them - that seems easier to do than getting
21:44 <CosmicRay> how are our taxes for this year?
21:44 <Hydroxide> them on the line, which is hard. To fill out the form, I'll need some address information about SPI's affiliates like ffis, but I'll email spi-private about that. Regarding the actual filing of the 990/990EZ information return, I need to
21:44 <Hydroxide> get information from Branden about the current state of his communication with the bookkeepers, but he's been even busier than I've been. I've barely been able to exchange emails with
21:44 (!) pkern [~pkern@pD9E3A876.dip.t-dialin.net] has quit [Quit: Lost terminal]
21:44 <Hydroxide> him, let alone discuss the situation. I will keep pestering him in an attempt to get this resolved before deadlines pass.
21:45 <Hydroxide> [end]
21:45 <CosmicRay> thanks.
21:45 <CosmicRay> discussion?
21:45 <Joey> Hydroxide: http://www.ffis.de/impressum.html
21:45 <agliodbs> fyi, Hydroxide has asked for my  help with this but this is probably the worst possible time
21:45 <bdale> carry on, and meet the deadlines please
21:45 <agliodbs> for me
21:45 <IanJackson> In what sense is FFIS an affiliate ?
21:45 <Hydroxide> Joey: I'll look at that, thanks
21:45 <cdlu> Hydroxide, are you planning to remain treasurer following this election?
21:45 <Joey> Hydroxide: vorstand@ffis.de is its board.
21:45 <Hydroxide> cdlu: I'm not planning to take a third term as treasurer
21:45 <cdlu> Hydroxide, if not, are you in a position to hand all your files over quickly and easily to a new treasurer?
21:46 <Hydroxide> cdlu: yes
21:46 <cdlu> ok
21:46 <bdale> good answer
21:46 <Hydroxide> cdlu: I'll definitely assist with the transition to get files and account ownership moved over
21:46 <BrucePerens> Geez. We're losing one of the treasurer job-shares, and Branden is busy. I'm glad we have an accountant.
21:46 <agliodbs> we don't, really
21:46 <BrucePerens> Oh?
21:46 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: agliodbs is willing to take over as treasurer and he does have more time (aside from during July)
21:46 <agliodbs> that's going to be the first thing I address if I'm treasurer
21:46 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: and expertise (which he calls "common sense")
21:46 <agliodbs> we have a bookkeeper
21:46 <schultmc> we have a book keeper, not an accountant
21:46 <BrucePerens> What happened with Mark's book-keeping?
21:47 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: they're not an accountant, they're a bookkeeper
21:47 <BrucePerens> Sorry. Good enough.
21:47 <agliodbs> the difference is that a bookkeeper, unlike a CPA, cannot file stuff for us
21:47 <agliodbs> which contributes to delinquent filing
21:47 <BrucePerens> Maybe if we get bigger Mark can recommend a CPA.
21:47 <bdale> the trick is to not end up paying CPA rates for book keeping
21:47 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: he has a bunch he recommends
21:47 <BrucePerens> Good. Cost?
21:47  * Hydroxide would like to continue this discussion outside the meeting
21:47 <cdlu> please.
21:47 <bdale> agreed
21:48 <BrucePerens> OK.
21:48 <agliodbs> I would be happy to discuss this after the meeting
21:48 (!) bendy24 [~scott@bendy.netop.oftc.net] has left #spi []
21:48 <Hydroxide> BrucePerens: see -board archives, it was emailed there when we started
21:48 <Hydroxide> I won't have time after the meeting, but via email or similar is ok
21:48 <agliodbs> yes, I have a hard stop at 12
21:48 <agliodbs> er, 20:00 UTC
21:48 <Hydroxide> but CPA references were emailed out when we started with MBS
21:48 <Hydroxide> let's move on to agliodbs's item
21:48 <slef> Is ASL (brazil) a SPI partner like ffis?  Since debconf4?
21:48 <IanJackson> Can someone answer my question about FFIS please ?
21:49 <IanJackson> What is the relationship between SPI and FFIS ?
21:49 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: FFIS holds money donated to it on behalf of SPI member projects
21:49 <IanJackson> AIUI they're separate organisations which happen to fund some of the same projects.
21:49 <CosmicRay> I was not aware of any relationship between SPI and FFIS
21:49 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: not specifically Debian, but any SPI member project directly due to the membership in SPI
21:49 <IanJackson> Hydroxide: Right.  So FFIS is like SPI but not related to SPI.
21:49 <bdale> IanJackson: I agree with that assessment.
21:49 <IanJackson> Oh, I see, they've delegated the associate status thing to our decisionmaking.
21:49 <IanJackson> Fair enough.
21:49 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: it is related to SPI, because membership in SPI grants eligibility to receive funds through FFIS
21:49 <Joey> Hydroxide: ffis has partner projects with which it cooperates which is legally totally different from SPI.
21:49 <slef> CosmicRay: www.spi-inc.org then follow the link to Donations.
21:50 <Hydroxide> Joey: am I summarising it correctly?
21:50 <Joey> Hydroxide: http://www.ffis.de/Verein/Assoc/
21:50 <IanJackson> So I don't see why our accounts should have anything to do with FFIS.
21:50 <Joey> IanJackson: ack
21:50 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: NY is asking about our affiliates, not just us
21:50 <agliodbs> PGDG is also "related"
21:50 <CosmicRay> ok, this is a good discussion but probably not useful right here, right now
21:50 <agliodbs> no
21:50 <CosmicRay> would it be possible to move on?
21:50 <Hydroxide> let's move on
21:50 <bdale> FFIS shouldn't need to be part of our tax filings, I wouldn't think.  No money is exchanging hands across the boundary, is it?
21:50 <Joey> <Hydroxide> IanJackson: it is related to SPI, because membership in SPI grants eligibility to receive funds through FFIS
21:50 <Hydroxide> bdale: no
21:50 <IanJackson> But FFIS is not our `affiliate'.
21:50 <Joey> legally no, technically yes
21:50 <Hydroxide> ok, we don't need to list them, I guess
21:50 <Hydroxide> let's move on
21:51 <IanJackson> Affiliate would mean we have a legal relationship with them, money changing hands, that kind of thing.
21:51 <CosmicRay> we have a deadline coming up for a person interested in the next item
21:51 <Hydroxide> sure, ok
21:51 <CosmicRay> [item 6, postgresql charter]
21:51 <bdale> Hydroxide: I'm not sure we need to list *any* affiliates, which is why I'm typing about this at all.
21:51 <Hydroxide> bdale: ok
21:51 <Joey> Otherwise ffis eV would lose its charitable status and all associated projects were doomed
21:51 <IanJackson> Oh, I see our website calls them a `partner'.
21:51 <IanJackson> That's quite irregular.
21:51 <bdale> CosmicRay: carry on
21:51 <CosmicRay> ok.  the charter is attached to the minutes.
21:51 <CosmicRay> does this require board action?
21:51  * Hydroxide says no
21:51 <bdale> I don't think so
21:51 <CosmicRay> s/minutes/agenda/
21:52 <bdale> I think we thank them for informing us and file this away.
21:52 <agliodbs> ok
21:52 <CosmicRay> cdlu, is that your sense as well?
21:52 <cdlu> I agree with bdale.
21:52 <CosmicRay> excellent.
21:52 <bdale> we refer to it if/when there's some issue in the future
21:52 <Hydroxide> let's move on then. thank you agliodbs.
21:52 <CosmicRay> in that case, agliodbs, thank you very much, and sorry to have kept you so long.
21:52 <Hydroxide> (no vote needed, please)
21:52 <agliodbs> great.   elections for a new liason will take place roughly concurrent with the board elections
21:52 <cdlu> <SPI> thanks PostgreSQL
21:52 <Hydroxide> hehe
21:52 <bdale> agliodbs: great, we'll look forward to the results
21:53 <CosmicRay> ok.  ready to move on then, it looks like...
21:53 <CosmicRay> [item 6, website rebuild]
21:53 <Maulkin> Ok. All English content is now in sync with the old site. Translations aren't yet, and they're probably out of date.
21:53 <cdlu> what's holding up the website rebuild?
21:53 <Maulkin> But I haven't confirmed this yet
21:53 <Maulkin> Wiggy had some concerns over the amount of ram in Chic
21:54 <Maulkin> Johnathan McDowell from Blackcat has offered a larger machibe to support this
21:54 <slef> Maulkin: are you spi-www-admin now?
21:54 <cdlu> ah, that's right. I wanted to propose that the admin director (vp) be allocated a small discretionary budget for admin-related expenses, such as RAM. To be discussed after the election, I think.
21:54 <Maulkin> Some discussion is occuring within admin@, but I expect this to be resolved shortly
21:54 <IanJackson> Oh, while we wait: Hydroxide, do you know if Honeywell ever got that refund ?
21:55 <Hydroxide> IanJackson: I think I had our bank send it to them, yes
21:55 <IanJackson> Oh, goodk.
21:55 <Maulkin> I would like all board member, and/or those who want to edit the content to register at the site at http://www.spi-inc.org/zope/
21:55 <IanJackson> Bah, my typing has gone to pot.
21:55 <Maulkin> Then mail me (neilm@debian.org) so I can grant write access.
21:56 <cdlu> ok, anything else about the website?
21:56 <Joey> Maulkin: Oh no.  Is this the end of off-line work and convenient translations?
21:56 <Maulkin> However, barring some minor look and feel issues, the site is ready for deployment
21:56 <IanJackson> Maulkin: Can you write this up in an email along with any do's and dont's ?  That way we can have it for reference.
21:56 <cdlu> Maulkin, when you decide whether or not you need ram, will you let us know? :)
21:56 <IanJackson> Eg, for new board members, etc.
21:56 <Maulkin> cdlu: Sure
21:56 <Maulkin> IanJackson: sure
21:57 <IanJackson> Thanks a lot.
21:57 <Maulkin> Joey: No, you can also use vim to edit the site for example
21:57 <cdlu> Maulkin, btw, thanks for taking care of the website.
21:57  * CosmicRay seconds that
21:57 <CosmicRay> are we ready to proceed?
21:57  * cdlu nods
21:57 <Maulkin> Now, as far as I am concerned, the site is ready for deployment, and I'd like to get it released in a week
21:57 <CosmicRay> [item 7, next meetings] The next meeting is the SPI ANNUAL MEETING on
21:57 <CosmicRay> SATURDAY, July 1, 2006.  Shall we call it for 19:00 UTC as well?
21:57 <Maulkin> Any objections?
21:57 <Maulkin> Oh, sorry. moved on.
21:57 <cdlu> Maulkin, keep a backup of the old one. If it all goes to hell, we have it. If not, no harm done. :)
21:57 <Maulkin> cdlu: I've got one :)
21:57 <yp17> IMHO, July is not a very good time to conduct an election, too many people in holydays.
21:58 <Hydroxide> Maulkin: go ahead and do that
21:58 <cdlu> Maulkin, then go nuts. :)
21:58 <Hydroxide> yp17: it's in our bylaws
21:58  * Maulkin thanks the board
21:58 <cdlu> CosmicRay, 1900 sounds good to me.
21:58 <Hydroxide> CosmicRay: yes. would the monthly board meeting still be the 3rd tuesday?
21:58 <Hydroxide> (meaning that board business wouldn't happen on july 1)
21:58 <CosmicRay> I would assume so, unless the board elects to change that.
21:59 <cdlu> just to note, the annual meeting is, technically, a board meeting. it's called the annual board meeting in our by-laws.
21:59 <cdlu> so whether we have one in end of july is totally up to us.
21:59 <CosmicRay> thanks cdlu.
21:59 <Hydroxide> cdlu: I think the bylaws are inconsistent about that. last couple of years we had two back-to-back. but I don't care.
21:59 <cdlu> it would end up July 18th
21:59 <IanJackson> Let's decide on the 1st.
21:59 <Hydroxide> should we decide that now or on the 1st? (I'd say now)
21:59 <cdlu> we can decide whether we need to meet again on the 1st
21:59 <IanJackson> *laugh*
21:59 <Hydroxide> ok then
22:00  * Maulkin suggests it's decided on the 1st...
22:00 <Maulkin> heh
22:00 <Hydroxide> we'll decide on the 1st
22:00 <cdlu> hehe
22:00 <cdlu> damn, we just passed the one hour mark
22:00 <Hydroxide> see? decision without voting! :)
22:00 <cdlu> CosmicRay, bring down that hammer :)
22:00 <Hydroxide> it's 20:00 now
22:00 <Hydroxide> close it
22:00 <Hydroxide> close it
22:00 <CosmicRay> ok, any more discussion?
22:00 <Hydroxide> no
22:00 <IanJackson> No.
22:00 <CosmicRay> [closing] We are adjourned until July 1 at 19:00 UTC.
22:00 <CosmicRay> *GAVEL*
22:01 <cdlu> Tue Jun 20 15:00:21 2006 | <CosmicRay:#spi> *GAVEL*
22:01 <cdlu> Tue Jun 20 16:00:53 2006 | <CosmicRay:#spi> *GAVEL*
