[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Platform for Joerg Jaspert

Who I am: Joerg Jaspert (IRC nick is Ganneff on OFTC/Freenode)

 - Debian Developer since April 2002
      Within Debian I contribute(d) to various tasks:
      * Application Manager between 2002 and 2004
      * Account Manager since the end of 2004
      * FTP-Team member since 2005
      * Maintaining a number of packages
      * One of the organisers of DebConf, the annual Debian conference
      * Organized several smaller events, booth presences, etc for
        Debian, including merchandising stuff and CD/DVD images for it.

 - Contributing SPI member since May 2002

 - IrcOP in the SPI-Project OFTC

 - Involved in various other Debian-related activities

 - Right now I am also unemployed (well, in that thing called real life) :)

Why am I running? Hrm, why not, it's open. :)

Ok, then a bit more seriously - SPI is the legal umbrella over some of the
projects in which I participate. DebConf is now also planning to use it
more for its money transfers (eg. to make work with US-based sponsors
easier), so actually being involved and not only demanding work seems
like a good idea.

As the board has had to cancel multiple meetings due to unexcused
absences, I promise to be available as much as I can, in order to not
disturb SPI's decision making. I have therefore set myself the rule, that,
should I miss more than 2 meetings without prior notice, I will vacate my
seat for someone who is more dependable.

For any open questions feel free to mail me at joerg@debian.org or use
IRC (nick Ganneff). Thanks for reading this far.

