# Michael Schultheiss Platform

I am Michael Schultheiss, schultmc on IRC, and I am running for a
position on the SPI Board of Directors.

I have been a Debian Developer since April 2002.  I participated in the
IA64 port and currently maintain a handful of packages, primarily web
applications.  I have used Debian since 2000 both personally and
professionally.

I have been an SPI Contributing member since January 2003.  In May 2005,
I joined the SPI Membership Committee.  I have attended several of the
SPI board meetings over the past few years and have recently increased
my participation in #spi.  I serve on the Board of Directors for several
non-profit organizations and am also interested in the Bylaws Committee.

In addition to Debian and SPI, I have contributed to the FLOSS community
in two other areas:

1. I've served on the Board of Directors of the Central Indiana Linux
   Users' Group (CINLUG) since March 2001 (March 2001-2002 and
   March 2003-Present as President, and March 2002-2003 as
   Vice-President).  I have helped schedule and plan dozens of monthly
   presentations and helped organize our installfests and in-depth
   training sessions.  Debian is often a key component in our training
   sessions.

2. I'm on the core team of the Gallery project, an open source web
   based photo album organizer (http://gallery.menalto.com).  I package
   Gallery for Debian and help out with documentation and user support.

I've participated in CINLUG's Application for Recognition of Exemption
Under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and am also helping
direct the discussions for the possible creation of the Gallery Software
Foundation.  I know first hand how time consuming the 501(c)(3)
application process is and organizations should be very grateful that
umbrella organizations like SPI exist so they can benefit from
tax-exempt status without having to go through the tedious application
process themselves.

SPI provides a great service to the FLOSS community.  I look forward to
SPI's future expansion as it welcomes new projects under the SPI
umbrella.  SPI's current activities as an umbrella organization are only
a small portion of its authorized purposes listed in its Certificate of
Incorporation.  In addition to serving as an umbrella organization, SPI
could also help the FLOSS community by expanding its activities to
include other authorized purposes.

My past experience as President and Vice President of other non-profit
organizations makes me a good fit for those offices in SPI should there
be a vacancy.  I am also interested in non-officership should the
officers remain in office.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
