# 2007-01-16

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of January 16th, 2007,
to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. No apologies received
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. October 4th, 2005 (log only)
   2. October 18th, 2005 (log only)
   3. November 15th, 2005 (log only)
   4. December 13th, 2005 (log only)
   5. [December 19th, 2006](../../../minutes/2006/2006-12-19/) (Absent with regrets vote for Bdale Garbee and Branden Robinson)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Further on Debian trademark in Spain? Amendment [2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1](../../../../corporate/resolutions/2006/2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1/)
   2. Moving SPI bank accounts (Resolution 2007-01-19.jmb.2)
   3. Member communications (Resolution 2006-12-18.mjr.ijw.1)
   4. Outstanding items requesting comment from the DPL - see discussion
   5. Report on opensource.org discussion
   6. Change of board meeting time
7. Next board meeting - Tuesday, February 20th, 2007

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Discussion appendix

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen &lt;jgoerzen@complete.org&gt;
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns &lt;aj@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harrassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek &lt;vorlon@debian.org&gt;
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harrassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
