[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2007-07-06

This is the proposed agenda for the <b>Annual</b> Board meeting of Friday July
6th, 2007, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Secretary's report (Neil McGovern)
6. Spanish Trademark Report
7. Outstanding minutes
   1. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   2. [May 18th, 2007](../../../minutes/2007/2007-05-18/)
8. Items up for discussion:
   1. [2007-06-18.iwj.2](../../../../corporate/resolutions/2007/2007-06-18.iwj.2/) - OpenVAS
9. SPI Board Elections
10. Next board meeting - Friday 20th July, 2007

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Spanish Trademark report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### SPI Trademark Report

<pre>
There were two topics of discussion on spi-trademark during April.

The first was a complaint about Hinner EDV's use of the Debian
Official Use logo.  During discussion of this, it became clear that
the logo licence had a word omitted when it was copied from the
resolution passed by Debian developers onto the Debian web site. While
not perfect, Hinner EDV's use of the Debian logo arguably was valid
because they do resell the official CDs, clearly-labelled.  Thank you
to Josip Rodin for checking details and correcting the Debian web
page.

The second was a request from Dries Buytaert who is the registrant of
the "Drupal" trademark in Benelux.  His application to extend the
trademark to the US has been refused because Transparent Technology
Inc has registered the mark in the US.  The Drupal Association has
promised to help protect the trademarks, but there had been no formal
decision by its board.  The last action was Gregory Pomerantz
requested sight of the documents by fax.
</pre>

