# 2007-04-20

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of Friday April 20th,
2007, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Regrets received from Martin "Joey" Schulze, Josh Berkus and Ian Jackson
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Secretary's report (Neil McGovern)
6. Spanish Trademark report (Neil McGovern)
7. Outstanding minutes
   1. October 4th, 2005 (log only)
   2. October 18th, 2005 (log only)
   3. November 15th, 2005 (log only)
   4. December 13th, 2005 (log only)
   5. [March 16th, 2007](../../../minutes/2007/2007-03-16/)
8. Items up for discussion:
   1. Debian Logo Licence
9. Next board meeting - Friday 18th May, 2007

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<pre>
All mail to secretary@spi-inc.org have been resolutions visible on public spi
mailing lists.  Debian has elected a new DPL: Sam Hocevar who takes over from
Anthony Towns as advisor to the board
</pre>


### Spanish Trademark report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
