[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2007-06-18

<a href="http://streams.video.debconf.org:8000/Basement_Talk_Room.ogg.m3u">Stream available at http://streams.video.debconf.org:8000/Basement_Talk_Room.ogg.m3u</a>
<a href="http://streams.video.debconf.org:8000/Basement_Talk_Room.ogg">Direct stream: http://streams.video.debconf.org:8000/Basement_Talk_Room.ogg</a>

This is the proposed agenda for the Annual Board meeting of Friday May 18th,
2007, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Regrets received from Martin "Joey" Schulze + tentatively: Josh Berkus
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Josh Berkus)
5. Secretary's report (Neil McGovern)
6. SPI Trademark report
7. Outstanding minutes
   1. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   2. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   3. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
   4. [December 13th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-12-13/)
   5. [May 18th, 2007 (log only)](../../../logs/2007/2007-05-18-log.txt)
8. Items up for discussion:
   1. Debian Logo Licence [http://lists.debian.org/debian-project/2007/02/msg00206.html](http://lists.debian.org/debian-project/2007/02/msg00206.html)
   2. OpenSource.org summary text
   3. OpenVAS
9. Next board meeting - Friday 20th July, 2007


### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>


### SPI Trademark Report

<pre>
There were two topics of discussion on spi-trademark during April.

The first was a complaint about Hinner EDV's use of the debian
Official Use logo.  During discussion of this, it became clear that
the logo licence had a word omitted when it was copied from the
resolution passed by Debian developers onto the Debian web site. While
not perfect, Hinner EDV's use of the Debian logo arguably was valid
because they do resell the official CDs, clearly-labelled.  Thank you
to Josip Rodin for checking details and correcting the Debian web
page.

The second was a request from Dries Buytaert who is the registrant of
the "Drupal" trademark in Benelux.  His application to extend the
trademark to the US has been refused because Transparent Technology
Inc has registered the mark in the US.  The Drupal Association has
promised to help protect the trademarks, but there had been no formal
decision by its board.  The last action was Gregory Pomerantz
requested sight of the documents by fax.
</pre>

