21:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2010/2010-06-09.html
21:00 #spi: < Hydroxide> the only issue is that's theoretically when we start our election cycle... also theoretically according to our bylaws when we finish our elections, but not according to our resolution, so *shrug* :)
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:00 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 #spi: < bdale> cdlu: poke
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Regrets have been received from Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)
21:00 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:00 #spi: < bdale> cool, quorum met
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> luk_: poke
21:01 #spi: < cdlu> David Graham
21:01 #spi: < bdale> so only luk_ not accounted for?
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
21:01 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's proceed and perhaps he'll join us
21:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 #spi: < bdale> Nothing exciting to report this month.
21:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:02 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> standard report - nothing unusualy in my opinion
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> any questions?
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> s/unusualy/unusual/
21:02 #spi: < bdale> not from me.  thanks as usual for getting the report out in email prior to the meeting
21:02 #spi: < zobel> schultmc: only mine from before the meeting, which had been answered.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:03 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:03 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing much. zobel pointed out last month that he's up for re-election this term as well, so that's a total of 5 seats.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> I was going to send a heads-up mail to -announce this week to encourage people to think about the election before we open nominations.
21:04 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:04 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:04 #spi: < bdale> good idea
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (hydroxide,noodles,ganneff,bdale,schultmc,cdlu,zobel) allowed to vote on Vote on Meeting Minutes May 19th, 2010. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:04 #spi:  * Hydroxide read the minutes and is ready to vote to approve them
21:04 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < cdlu> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Vote on Meeting Minutes May 19th, 2010": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Vote on Meeting Minutes May 19th, 2010" closed.
21:04 #spi: < Hydroxide> that's everyone
21:05 #spi: < bdale> thanks
21:05 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Any other business]
21:05 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:05 #spi: < cdlu> this is the last meeting before the election
21:05 #spi: < cdlu> is everything on track?
21:05 #spi: < Noodles> I have appropriate access to the DB and the web interface, so I think so.
21:05 #spi: < cdlu> ok
21:05 #spi: < cdlu> and july 1 is the annual report
21:05 #spi: < cdlu> is that started?
21:06 #spi: < bdale> I've done nothing about it so far
21:06 #spi: < bdale> pulling together highlights from the last years minutes and a copy of our latest treasurer's report should suffice?
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> yep, and a report from all committee
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> s
21:07 #spi: < Hydroxide> bdale: in theory it should have 12-month financials instead of 1-month. in theory.
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> if we have any that are doing anything... membership would probably be it
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> We can /just/ get away with the AGM on the 14th according to the by-laws.
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> and we can also ask for contributions from all member projects
21:07 #spi: < zobel> next regular meeting is July 14th?
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> if they have any statement to make
21:07 #spi: < Hydroxide> the bylaws would have details
21:07 #spi: < cdlu> zobel, no it's july 1 -- annual meeting.
21:07 #spi: < schultmc> I can aggregate financials into 12-month
21:07 #spi: < bdale> every time we've planned something more grandiose we've failed to deliver
21:07 #spi: < zobel> cdlu: yes, but the one after that.
21:08 #spi: < cdlu> zobel, next one normally wouldn't be until following the election when we select officers and introduce the new board... in august
21:08 #spi: < bdale> the next regular monthly meeting would be the 14th
21:08 #spi: < cdlu> we don't normally have two in july iirc
21:08 #spi: < Noodles> By-laws say up to 2 weeks from the 1st of July.
21:08 #spi: < cdlu> Noodles, if moved by a holiday
21:08 #spi: < bdale> I will not be available on the 1st, so as is our custom I'm inclined to ask that we consider rescheduling the annual meeting to coincide with our next regular monthly meeting on the 14th
21:08 #spi: < cdlu> Canada Day fits :)
21:08 #spi: < cdlu> bdale, I'd be amenable to that
21:08 #spi:  * Noodles doesn't mind either way.
21:09 #spi: < bdale> that's within two weeks and avoids the holiday(s)
21:09 #spi: < cdlu> july 14 works better for me anyway so that's fine. but annual meeting is meant to be the first, all I was trying to say.
21:09 #spi: < cdlu> bdale, yep
21:09 #spi:  * zobel won't be available on July 14th.
21:09 #spi: < bdale> I don't think we currently have any French board members, so landing on Bastille Day should be ok?
21:09 #spi: < bdale> ;-)
21:10 #spi: < bdale> ok, anyway...
21:10 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
21:10 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting should be July 14th at 20:00 UTC.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> No.
21:10 #spi: < schultmc> no objections from me
21:10 #spi: < Hydroxide> ok
21:10 #spi: < bdale> and let's advertise it in the agenda as being the rescheduled annual meeting too
21:10 #spi: < Ganneff> go
21:10 #spi: < Hydroxide> ya
21:10 #spi:  * zobel will not be available.
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: Will do.
21:10 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: ^
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: Noted.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> let's all coordinate here on IRC to get an annual report together and attached to the agenda?
21:11 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:11 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
