21:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> This meeting also serves as the annual general meeting required in our bylaws.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2010/2010-09-08.html
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have eight board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 #spi: < linuxpoet> Joshua Drake
21:00 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:00 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Ganneff: not *that* relaxed...
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Regrets have been received from Martin Zobel-Helas
21:00 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:00 #spi: < cdlu> David Graham
21:01 #spi: < Ganneff> bdale: pah
21:01 #spi: < Ganneff> bdale: no fun here :(
21:01 #spi: < bdale> cool .. quorum met
21:01 #spi: < bdale> who are we missing?
21:01 #spi: < bdale> oh, nm, that's everyone with the regrets, right?
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
21:01 #spi: < schultmc> yes
21:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:01 #spi: < bdale> I will attend LinuxCon Japan and related events in Tokyo later this month, and look forward to seeing SPI members there, otherwise not much to report today.
21:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:01 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> a standard report was e-mailed out earlier today
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> nothing of note that I can see
21:02 #spi: < bdale> I saw it in my inbox but haven't read it yet.  anything notable?
21:02 #spi: < bdale> k
21:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:02 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:02 #spi: < Noodles> We've had a couple of queries from prospective associated projects.
21:03 #spi: < linuxpoet> anybody on list or only direct?
21:03 #spi: < Noodles> I apologies for my tardiness in replying to both of them, but I have done so.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> thanks
21:03 #spi: < bdale> linuxpoet: at least one went to officers
21:03 #spi: < Noodles> One went to board@ I believe, the other just officers@. One is a potential fit, the other I think isn't really there.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> please let me know if there's anything I can do to help 
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> There's an outstanding question about trademarks.
21:04 #spi: < linuxpoet> same here, I have no problem talking with people
21:04 #spi: < cdlu> has the officers@ one been forwarded?
21:04 #spi: < cdlu> to -board
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> I haven't answered as I don't actually know the answer, but it went to board@ so perhaps someone who does can answer?
21:04 #spi: < bdale> I don't think so
21:04 #spi: < Noodles> Re sidux.
21:04 #spi: < bdale> I read the msg while driving home from Ohio, haven't gotten back to it yet
21:05 #spi: < bdale> between us, let's see if we can't get a reply out this week?
21:05 #spi: < devil> Noodles: i am here.
21:05 #spi: < devil> for sidux
21:05 #spi: < bdale> devil: welcome
21:05 #spi: < devil> hi
21:05 #spi: < Noodles> I believe the issue is you want SPI to hold the sidux trademark.
21:05 #spi: < devil> board may forgret my question on trademark
21:06 #spi: < devil> things are changing
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Ok. So no reply needed?
21:06 #spi: < bdale> ok .. sounds like we should catch up after the meeting to discuss the current situation?
21:06 #spi: < devil> right.
21:06 #spi: < devil> bdale: ok, i will be here
21:06 #spi: < bdale> devil: great, thanks
21:06 #spi:  * Hydroxide interested in the latest news on that as well
21:06 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: anything else before we proceed?
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Oh, next will be the minutes which I haven't prepared. Sorry.
21:07 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:07 #spi: < bdale> I believe we have one set outstanding, but they're not ready to vote on.  Is that correct Jonathan?
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Free time with decent computer access has been tricky.  I will have them done for next month.
21:07 #spi: < bdale> great, thanks.  and no worries, I know what you've been spending time on.  ;-)
21:07 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Any other business]
21:07 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:07 #spi: < linuxpoet> I do
21:08 #spi: < bdale> linuxpoet: go
21:08 #spi: < linuxpoet> I was considering approaching two communities about joining board. K-9 Mail and Cynanogen (sp)
21:08 #spi: < linuxpoet> both are open source Android projects, Cyna.... is a custom rom
21:08 #spi:  * Noodles is running Cyanogen on his G1.
21:08 #spi: < bdale> joining as associated projects, you mean?  I would enjoy reading proposals from either
21:08 #spi: < linuxpoet> I run it on my Incredible
21:09 #spi: < linuxpoet> bdale: correct
21:09 #spi: < Ganneff> they should hackup the milestone, than im all for em :)
21:09 #spi: < bdale> Ganneff: ;-)
21:09 #spi: < linuxpoet> heh
21:09 #spi: < linuxpoet> that is all I have
21:09 #spi: < Ganneff> (milestone is the droid - with one added fuckup to not be able to run own mods, due to signature requireness shit
21:09 #spi: < bdale> linuxpoet: sure, I can't see any immediate problem with proceeding towards a proposal
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> If they want to join then from what I know I think they'd both be a good fit.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> anyone else?
21:10 #spi: < cdlu> not from me
21:10 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:10 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
21:10 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting should be 13 October at 20:00 UTC.  Any strong objections?
21:10 #spi: < bdale> zobel: welcome
21:10 #spi:  * Hydroxide doesn't object to that
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> I may need to request a change of time or day at some point.
21:10 #spi: < Ganneff> worksforme
21:10 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's go with it
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> In that this is now conflicting with my weekly team meeting.
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> But I need to talk to people here first.
21:11 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: understood.  let us know.
21:11 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:11 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
