[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, January 9th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members absent__

* Zach van Rijn (zv)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

## President's Report

<pre>
After months of hassle, I was able to get the verification for Debian's EV SSL
certificate completed. I've added an agenda item discussing our
telecommunications infrastructure so we can hopefully alleviate the issues in
the future.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with
our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Vice-president's report:

Provided by Perdu, after meeting (not reflected in logs):
<pre>
Since Snow-Man wasn't able to mention IT-related stuff, I wanted to add
something, as I think nobody saw my RT ticket: I switched off the chic server
(chic.spi-inc.org and chic2.spi-inc.org), which is supposedly a defunct server
with no service running. If someone sees a missing service, please shout as I
will completely remove this server at end of the month so that RapidSwitch
stops.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.

We are working on collecting all data to close last year's books and providing
the relevant reports.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
The process of getting appropriate Apple App Store permissions for Battle for
Wesnoth is ongoing. Happy new year! Please be on the lookout for new conflict
of interest forms. Thanks to jesusalva for the reminder on that!
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday December 12th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>\*</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

\*: Snow-Man was not able to vote at the time-of-vote.

Vote passed with 5 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

* None

## Other business

### Fabrik application

Fabrik has withdrawn their application

### Telecommunications infrastructure

Debian required a new extended validation (EV) certificate. The process of
procuring this was quite difficult due to address changes, a phone number's
having been decommissioned, and so on. To prevent similar issues in the future,
SPI will investigate a paid VOIP provider

Individual board members have had good success with https://voip.ms; board
members are generally in agreement that a paid provider with service level
agreements (SLAs), etc. is the appropriate path forward.

### Financial audit
 
tbm will get a quote from our firm for an audit of the SPI books. All board
members are in general, informal agreement. No formal vote was needed, and
as such none was taken.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 13th, 2023 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
