[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 13th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Zach van Rijn (zv)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)

__Board members partially present__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the March 13th, 2023 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2023/2023-03-13.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
After months of hassle, I was able to get the verification for Debian's EV SSL certificate
completed. I've added an agenda item discussing our telecommunications infrastructure so we
can hopefully alleviate the issues in the future

I worked with Key Bank to close down our money market account where we were earning negligible
interest and got the funds wired to Merrill Lynch where at least temporarily we will earn over
4% interest. Once Stephen Frost and I complete the paperwork for our newest Merrill account,
we will implement the tiered Certificate of Deposit (CD) and investment strategy we discussed
with our financial advisor.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Vice President's Report

Stephen Frost was not present.

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I've sent out the conflict of interest form, so please be on the lookout. Battle for Wesnoth's Apple Developer signing certificate situation is resolved.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday January 9th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

### Change of postal mailing address

<pre>
Our CPA/Auditing firm suggested SPI utilize a New York State based mailing
address since we are nominally soliciting donations within New York State.

Our mail box provider had already migrated us to a new address down the street
from our previous address. Again, this is a leased location and subject to change
in the future should the lease be unable to be renewed.

The treasury team has already updated https://www.spi-inc.org/donations/
and is working on updating our address with vendors.

We did vote to move to the permanent address of our mailbox provider in
North Carolina so we should probably vote again to switch to the new NYC address.
</pre>

#### Vote on change mailing address to new NYC address

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Other business

### Compile Farm

The [Compile Farm](https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/CompileFarm) project wishes to begin discussing possible affiliation; Zach van Rijn will take care of initial communication.

### The Mana World

The Mana World requested in `board@rt.spi-inc.org` to change the sitting liaison and haven't received a reply yet.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday April 10th, 2023 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
