[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 9th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte
* Lyude Paul (X.org Secretary)

These are the minutes for the October 9th, 2023 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2023/2023-10-09.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2022
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2023 deadline.

I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They are
drafting new paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
that paperwork available to sign asap. I am following up with the brokerage staff
to check the status on the updated paperwork.

Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
Thanks to Jonatas for helping get things over to counsel to ask about.

We've been working to decomm the bytemark stuff, thanks to Perdu
for moving that forward. Let us know if anything breaks.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments queue is being processed as usual, but we have some requests
pending review before we can issue payment. We are working on them,
if there is any urgency, please let us know.

Debian has created a reimbursement system for DebConf reimbursements,
SPI has accepted to try the new system out without any compromise,
however the desire is to extend the use of the system and engage
with other SPI associated projects and external communities when
this is more mature.

Monthly statements have been collected, but there is some lag
processing them and publishing monthly reports, I hope we can
publish them ASAP.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am catching up on tasks around a possible in-person meeting;
thank you for your continued patience on this matter.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday September 11th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

* None


## Other business

Zach will help assist with complaints about the mailing list archives.

EVoC matters are being discussed with Counsel.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 13th, 2023 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
