[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 10th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Interim Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the July 10th, 2023 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2023/2023-07-10.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to
Martin Michlmayr for compiling our Annual Report.

Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2022
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2023 deadline.

Thank you for all  of our officers and directors who have served SPI for the
past several years. Best wishes to those officers and directors who are leaving
the SPI board and welcome to all new and continuing directors.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
The Fastly thing is outstanding and I've followed up again today to try to get that sorted.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments are being processed, but we are having some technical
difficulties with payments to India and Brazil, we are currently
exploring options. Steam account was created this month, we need
someone to admin it.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
We are currently in a Board election cycle. This is a reminder
that the nomination period ends before Friday, July 14th UTC.
Details may be found in the spi-announce mailing list archives.

The 2022 SPI Annual Report is now available. It can be found at:
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/annual-reports/2022.pdf
Thanks to Martin Michlmayr for preparing it. tbm, would you like
to announce it to the spi-announce mailing list as before?

I am trying to set up a face-to-face board meeting; I understand
that there are ongoing international logistics challenges. Thank
you for your continued patience and flexibility during planning.

All board members need to submit new Conflict of Interest forms;
they are intended to be refreshed every twelve (12) months. If
you've already done this recently, please re-send it.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday June 12th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 2 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

### Decide whether counsel needs to review clause change

Jonatas will consult Counsel for review of clause change, and provide clear and concise context from RT issues 6224 and 6571 as needed.


## Other business

No other business.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 14th, 2023 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Interim Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
