[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 11th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)

__Board members partially present__

* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent__

* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the September 11th, 2023 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2023/2023-09-11.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2022
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2023 deadline.

I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They are
drafting new paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
that paperwork available to sign asap.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
I've yet to see the paperwork to sign for Merrill, but I'm ready
whenever it shows up. I heard back from counsel regarding one of
the contractor agreements and we can move forward on that.

We've had some progress on getting things upstream wrt pglister changes. 
Thanks to Perdu for continuing to push on that.

Just generally things are picking back up and should be able to be a bit more responsive now.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

Treasurer was unavailable.

<pre>
Payments are being processed, issues with BRL and INR payments are now fixed.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

Secretary was unavailable.

<pre>
I am catching up on tasks around a possible in-person meeting;
thank you for your continued patience on this matter.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday August 14th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

* None


## Other business

OpenZFS requests urgency with their conference requests.

Jonatas is requesting help from President to address X.Org's transition to SFC.

The Battle for Wesnoth asked again about Ticket #6571.

And ARDC asked for the refund of a donation made, which should show up on next board meeting.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday October 9th, 2023 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
