[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 13th, 2023

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)

__Board members absent__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Zach van Rijn (zv)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the February 13th, 2023 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2023/2023-02-13.txt).

## Adjournment

We were inquorate for this meeting, so it was held and rescheduled for
March 13th, 2023.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
