[[!meta title="Resolution 2026-04-13.kam.1: Z-Anatomy as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2026 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI resolution 2026-04-13.kam.1: Z-Anatomy as an associated project

WHEREAS

1. Z-Anatomy is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
   It is CC-BY-SA 4.0 licensed, and is a collaborative 3D Atlas of human
   and veterinary anatomy which includes the following features:

   - comparative anatomy modules
   - interactive educational tools
   - multilingual terminology
   - partnerships (VetAgro Sup in France and the University of Montréal currently)

2. The Z-Anatomy developers would like SPI's support and assistance in
   the following areas:

   Accepting Donations and Holding Funds:

   - Managing donations and earmarked funds for project expenses (eg.
     Server costs, development)
   - Ensuring compliance with CC-BY-SA 4.0 and donor intent
     Paying for Project Expenses:
   - Utilizing SPI’s Pay for Project Expenses service to fund predefined
     work packages (eg. 3D modeling, definitions writing, app/website
     development) via contractor agreements or reimbursements

   Holding Intangible Assets:

   - Transfer and protection of domain names (eg. Z-anatomy.com) and trademarks

   Accounting and Auditing:

   - Handling fund tracking, reimbursements, and financial reporting
   - Providing regular updates on project funds/expenses

   Legal Assistance:

   - Access to SPI-vetted contract templates for engaging contractors (eg.
     For 3D modelling or development work) with final approval and
     execution authority retained by the project liaison to ensure
     alignment with Z-Anatomy’s goals and open source principles
   - Support for trademark registration and legal reviews, with all
     decisions regarding project name, domain, and intellectual property
     remaining under the project liaison’s control

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Z-Anatomy is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according
   to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects
   (https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/),
   SPI Resolution 2004-08-10.iwj.1

4. Gauthier Kervyn is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI liaison for Z-Anatomy. Gauthier is the Founder and
   Technical Lead. Replacement of the project liaison requires Gauthier
   Kervyn’s explicit written consent.  The replacement process is as
   follows:

   Interim liaison:

   - Colline Brassard (VetAgro Sup) or Christophe Céleste (University of Montréal)

   Permanent changes:

   - Require consensus among core contributors (technical team and
     academic partners)

   Documentation:

   - Decision will be recorded and communicated to SPI/board

5. If the last known SPI liaison for Z-Anatomy is missing in action, and no new
   SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the associated project is
   deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith discretion,
   proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more other SPI associated
   projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept the project's assets and
   use them for a similar purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified
   destination or destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer
   can be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI general
   fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
   the SPI Board.
