[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 16th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the August 16th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-08-16-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
SPI's insurance broker has presented SPI a renewal quote for its
Directors and Officers insurance. The insurance provider is offering
the renewal for the same price as 2020 - earlier indications were
there may be significant cost increase due to industry conditions but
the price increase did not materialize this year.

Martin Michlmayr has been working with our auditor to get our 2020
financial statements audited. He is also working with the auditing
firm on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. SPI has
received a draft from the auditing firm that is currently under
review.  We have received a 6 month extension for the time to file and
are confident the filings will be completed by the November 15, 2021
deadline.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a Vice-President's Report:

<pre>
SPI continues to work on modernizing our Information Technology (IT)
infrastructure with the help of our contractors.  To that end, we are
working to migrate all @spi-inc.org addresses to another email
platform, decommissioning those addresses which are no longer needed or
in use along the way.  If you are aware of any special arrangements
regarding @spi-inc.org addresses and have not already heard from SPI
regarding those addresses, please reach out to myself or the board to
discuss.  We are looking to finalize the migration soon.

SPI is working to consolidate maintenance of DNS registrations and to
get out of the DNS server running business.  To that end, SPI, with
its contractors, is migrating all domains to Gandi for both
registration and DNS server services.  This approach allows projects
to have access to maintain their DNS records directly with reliable
DNS server services while allowing SPI to further reduce the amount of
IT infrastructure it is responsible for.  If you have domains
registered by SPI or are using SPI's DNS servers and have not
discussed plans for your domain with SPI, please reach out to myself
or the board to discuss.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Nothing major to report. Website is up to date and I've just sent out
renewals for our conflict of interest policies to the
directors. Thanks to those who have responded already.  Martin
Michlmayr reports that we have a first draft of the 2020 audit.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday July 12th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Officer elections

Officers are elected via informal vote usually during the AGM. For the
2021-2022 year, the directors voted the following directors into the
officer positions as shown below:

* Michael Schultheiss to remain as President
* Stephen Frost to remain as Vice-President
* Tim Potter to remain as Secretary.

The position of Treasurer remains open.

### Resolution 2021-08-16.mcs.1: GeekBeacon as an SPI associated project

GeekBeacon was offered SPI Associated Project status per a vote at the
2021-06-22 meeting.  Michael Schultheiss reached out on 2021-07-31 to
inquire whether they accept and learned both of the listed project
liaisons are mostly unreachable due to extended leaves of absence for
personal reasons. They're still interested in possibly joining SPI and
would like to discuss what that entails once they're available. This
resolution extends the expiration of the invitation to 2021-11-30.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, and 0 abstain.

## Any other business

During the Vice-President's report it was decided to re-register and
retain the domain names for inactive projects instead of letting them
expire and possibly be picked up by spammers. Any individual decision
regarding retaining may be revisited if the situation requires, but
our default stance should be to renew and then take action if that is
problematic for some reason.

Officer communications (email, calendar etc) is being migrated to
Google GSuite to separate SPI-specific email from personal email.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday September 13th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
