[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 10th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)

__Registered guests present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

These are the minutes for the May 10th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-05-10-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

I am working through the list of items requiring my signature and plan
on having those documents to the recipients this week.

The SPI board is meeting three times over the next week in addition to
this IRC board meeting via video conference in lieu of its standard
annual in person meeting. Good progress was made in this afternoon's
meeting.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter was not present.

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

No minutes were available for voting.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 14th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>April 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic (interim)</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
