[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, January 11th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the January 11th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-01-11-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

Online access to Merrill Lynch has been setup. Working with broker on
a recent donation of stock.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a vice-president's report:

<pre>
I'm continuing to work with counsel regarding privacy policy and have
scheduled a meeting on Wednesday to discuss it on the phone. Counsel
recommended that SPI retain a trademark counsel to address trademark
issues.Per discussion w/ the board, we have agreed to move forward
with that. I'm planning on signing the formal agreement shortly,
barring any additional concerns.

We've recently been asked about handling of .eu domains. Board
recommended that I reach out to counsel to discuss.  Counsel has
responded that if SPI wished to formally be able to 'own' .eu domains,
we would need to have an entity created in EU. While that's possible,
it's unclear if that's a reasonable direction to go in or not and we
should discuss it. I responded to a couple of new project inquries.

Our IT contractor has built out an initial RT instance using a modern
version. We are hoping to play with that and test things out and then
will need to figure out how we migrate. We do continue to move forward
with our IT modernization efforts.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Some progress on domain name transfers and looking at getting tbm to
help out with that as I'm not in a good timezone for timely back and
forth communication.  Am in the process of renewing the SPI Apple
Developer account currently used by 0.ad.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

The website was not displaying the latest minutes so voting was
postponed until next meeting.

## Items up for Discussion

### Audit of financial statements for 2020

It was agreed to re-engage our previous auditor to perform a yearly
audit of our finances for 2020.

### Status of potential new associated projects (PMIx and Moonwards)

Two new associated proposals were discussed briefly and sound like
good candidates for membership.

### Assignment for Martin Michlmayr to work on DNS migrations

It was agreed to give Martin Michlmayr official permission to work on
DNS migrations to our Gandi hosting account.

### Assignment for Martin Michlmayr for 2020 annual report

It was agreed to give Martin Michlmayr official permission to commence
work on the 2020 annual report.

### Status of .eu domain ownership

Some discussion occured around the requirements of EU domain name
ownership as it appears that either an EU citizen or an EU office are
required under new rules. Schultheiss volunteered to finish off the
work in that area.

## Any other business

Tim Potter agreed to commence organisation of a virtual face-to-face
meeting in lieu of our yearly physical face-to-face meeting.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday January 11th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
