[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 11th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the October 11th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-10-11-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
I met with our Auditing firm and SPI's annual audit is nearly ready to
be finalized. The auditing firm is also working on our New York State
and Federal annual filings. SPI has received a draft from the auditing
firm that is currently under review. We have received a 6 month
extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will be
completed by the November 15, 2021 deadline.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Our IT contractor recently
switched SPI's primary email to Google Workspace. Stephen continues to
do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
I have had a broken personal computer, keeping me from doing any other
work and slowing down ramping up on treasurer duties. However that
should be fixed in the upcoming days and looking forward for
it. Payments are being processed, there are not red lights at this
time.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No big updates from me. I am missing a couple of conflict of interest
forms which I will chase up via email. Thanks to everyone who has it
done already!
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday September 13th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

No items were on the agenda.

## Any other business

No other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 8th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
