[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 8th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World

These are the minutes for the March 8th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-03-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a vice-president's report:

<pre>
We've engaged with a new trademark lawyer to manage our trademarks
moving forward.  There's some work involved there to get things
migrated which I intend to do as they come up for renewal.

We will shortly be in discussion with a new IT contractor to work with
us to move SPI's infrastructure forward.

There are a couple of outstanding efforts regarding contracting with
new contractors that I'm working on, nothing of particular exception
or interest there.  Any questions though, feel free to ask.

I continue to work with our counsel on GDPR questions that projects
have brought up.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No updates.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

No minutes from previous meetings were available to vote on.

## Items up for Discussion

### PMIx as an associated project

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

No other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday April 12th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
