[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 12th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joe Conway (jconway)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the July 12th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-07-12-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to
Martin Michlmayr for compiling our Annual Report. Martin has been
Working with our auditor to get our 2020 financial statements audited.
He is also working with the auditing firm on filing our New York State
and Federal annual filings. We have received a 6 month extension for
the time to file and are confident the filings will be completed by
the November 15, 2021 deadline.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a Vice-President's Report:

<pre>
Just a few notes: RT has been migrated and upgraded.  Any issues,
please let me know.

The new system is running a much more modern version of RT, should be
properly doing DKIM/SPF, has a maintained Let's Encrypt certificate,
has backups, and running on an updated and maintained OS.

We also have a new IT contractor who is working with us.

git.spi-inc.org is planned to be migrated to GitLab and will be
decommissioned.  We are still reviewing what to do regarding
spi-inc.org email addresses and mailing lists.  Anyone using
spi-inc.org addresses (other than the board / contractors), please
reach out to me / the board to discuss.  Ultimately, we'd like to get
to a point where we are running very few of our own services.  To this
end, we are also working on migrating DNS away from our own servers
and instead using Gandi's services.

We will try to proactively reach out to projects impacted by any of these changes.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
The website is up to date with minutes and resolutions etc, mostly
thanks to tbm.  There are some onboarding processes started and to be
started for a few new projects as well.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Tuesday June 22nd 2021


<table>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Directors for 2021-2024 term

There were three nominations for three open positions:

* Michael Schultheiss
* Stephen Frost
* Milan Kupcevic

According to the bylaws no election is required. Michael, Stephen and
Milan all accepted the positions.


### Presentation of the Annual Report

To the membership, board and friends of Software in the Public
Interest, Inc: As mandated by Article 8 of the SPI Bylaws, I
respectfully submit this annual report on the activities of
Software in the Public Interest, Inc. and extend my thanks to all of
those who contributed to the mission of SPI in the past year.

https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/annual-reports/2020.pdf

## Any other business

There was no other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 9th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
