[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 13th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the December 13th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-12-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Due to the impact of Hurricane Irma on many New York counties, the IRS
(and New York State) have extended the filing deadline for the annual
federal and New York State filings. Martin Michlmayr and I have
reviewed the draft filings submitted by our auditing/accounting firm
and have submitted our feedback. We are confident the feedback will be
addressed by the mid-January 2022 filing deadline. I'm also working on
the last remaining tasks for the audit.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Our IT contractor recently setup
(???). Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
tbm and I are working on getting zumbi up to speed on the full range
of Treasury tasks. Thank you again to zumbi for stepping into the
Treasurer role.

The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I've been working on some templates and scripting for the meeting
minutes and other tasks to make things easier and more consistent.

Tried unsucessfully to organise a F2F for this month - sorry for not
getting that sorted out in time. I have a few ideas to chase up but
I'd like to try some smaller meetings next month maybe.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday November 8th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 5 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### RT-5156

### RT-5394

It was discussed and agreed that unfortunately donations earmarked for
non-affiliated projects cannot be forwarded due to possible taxation
and non-profit status issues, depite goodwill on both sides.

## Any other business

Tim Potter was to organise a virtual F2F meeting in January where we
would normally meet physically face to face.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 14th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org. There will me no meeting for January 2022.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
