[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 13th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the September 13th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-09-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Martin Michlmayr has been working with our auditor to get our 2020
financial statements audited. He is also working with the auditing
firm on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. SPI has
received a draft from the auditing firm that is currently under
review.  We have received a 6 month extension for the time to file and
are confident the filings will be completed by the November 15, 2021
deadline.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a Vice-President's Report:

<pre>
We have continued to work to migrate all of our domains over to Gandi
and to move away from running our own DNS servers.  We will
decommission our DNS servers as soon as we are able to do so, which
should be very soon.

We will be migrating to GSuite for @spi-inc.org in *two* *weeks*, on
September 27th.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding
this, please let me and/or the board know.

We have worked to ensure that existing setups will not be broken by
this by working with various groups who use @spi-inc.org.  This
migration will *not* impact the SPI mailing lists, though we do plan
to migrate those eventually to another service also.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I haven't received the conflict of interest documents from everyone so
please check through your email and sent it back to me. I'll send out
a reminder as well.

Thanks to everyone who has completed this already.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday August 16th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

No items were on the agenda.

## Any other business

Héctor Orón Martínez applied for the position of Treasurer to take
over from Martin Zobel-Helas.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

(zumbi's vote for himself has been recorded as an abstention).

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 8th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
