[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 8th, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* Paul Lyude (Lyude)
* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World

These are the minutes for the February 8th, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-02-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

Luca Filipozzi has submitted his resignation from the SPI board. I'd
like to publicly thank Luca for his many years of service to SPI.

I've worked with our pro bono counsel to finalize the transfer of
Jenkins trademarks to the Linux Foundation Charity per Jenkins'
request.

I worked with Tim Potter to update SPI's Apple Developer account for 0AD.
As I understand it, the needed tax form (W-9) has been submitted.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a vice-president's report:

<pre>
Continued to work with our IT contractor to move forward the efforts
to modernize SPI's infrastructure.

It may make sense to consider moving to GSuite for SPI to segregate
personal emails, et al, from SPI related in the event that there is
any litigation which would involve discovery.

Arranged a meeting between counsel and a project to discuss GDPR
related policies such as privacy and data sharing policies.  We are
hoping to come up with template that could be used by any SPI project.

Anyone interested in assisting with SPI's IT efforts would be welcome
to chat with me.  We could use another IT contractor or volunteer.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.

The CPA/Auditing firm SPI has utilized for the past two years reached
out to schedule an initial call for starting the audit of SPI's 2021
financial statements. Martin Michlmayr and I have a meeting with them
scheduled in mid-May 2021.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Thanks everyone for filling out the availability poll for the vF2F
meeting. I will schedule something towards the end of March as that
appears to be the best time for everyone.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 11th November 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no, and 0 abstain.

### Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 14th December 2020

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 5 yes, 0 no, and 1 abstain.

### Vote on Minutes for meeting Monday, 11th January 2021

<table>
 <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no, and 0 abstain.

## Items up for Discussion

No items on agenda.

## Any other business

There was a short discussion on access to ledger information for the X.org project.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 8th 2021 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
