# Services offered to Associated Projects

Open source projects that are deemed to be genuine, substantial and significant may be eligible for associated project status.  SPI offers a 
variety of services to associated projects.

## Holding Funds

SPI will accept donations and hold funds on behalf of the project.  Refunds for legitimate project expenses will made from funds earmarked 
for the project with the consent of the project liaison.  Donations to associated projects by US residents are normally tax deductible.  SPI 
does not assist with fundraising activities.

## Holding Substantial Assets

Substantial equipment, software or other assets which the project purchases with SPI funds become assets of SPI.  Currently this applies to 
any purchase over $300, but this is subject to change.  SPI will also accept donations of assets on behalf of the project.  The equipment 
will be used and maintained by the project but SPI will hold legal ownership.

Once held by SPI, assets may only be transferred to another 501(c)3 US
non-profit.

## Holding Intangible Assets

The project may transfer intangible assets like trademarks and licenses to SPI for protection.  In addition SPI can seeking to obtain 
trademarks on behalf of the project.

## Signing Contracts

SPI can sign contracts on behalf of the project.

Examples include:

* Signing a contract with a venue for the project to hold a conference

* Signing a contract for insurance for events

Any costs associated with the contract are borne out of SPI funds earmarked for the project.

## Legal Assistance

SPI has access to legal council which the board may consult on behalf of the project, at the board's discretion.

# Relationship Between SPI and the Project

## Project Independence

SPI does not own, govern or control the associated projects.  All actions by SPI on behalf of associated projects must comply with relevant 
laws, SPI's By-Laws and 501(c)3 status.  There is no expectation that SPI be the exclusive fundraising vehicle for associated projects.

## Freedom to Leave

The project liaison may decide that the project is leaving SPI at any time.  Any assets and money held by SPI for the project may be 
transferred to a 501(c)3 US non-profit of the liaison's choice, or simply held until expended.

# The Application Process

## Initial Application

If the open source project wants to become an associated project of SPI, the first thing needed is to submit an application to any SPI board 
member (preferably one already known to the submitter).

The information needed is:

1. The name and details of the project
2. Which SPI services that will be needed.
3. Who is going to be the liaison to SPI, and the process for selecting/electing replacements

After talking to the submitter, the board member will draft an application into a resolution similar to this one if they are personally 
satisfied that the project is suitable for associated project status.

<pre>
SPI resolution 2006-09-19.mcs.2

WHEREAS

1. Gallery is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The Gallery developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
   taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Gallery is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according
   to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Currently, Bharat Mediratta is recognised by SPI as the current
   authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Gallery.  Successors will
   be appointed in turn by the sitting project liaison.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
   the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Discussion

This resolution will be presented to the board and the list of SPI contributing members, and discussed. If the project is in some way 
political or controversial, it may be necessary to champion it to the SPI membership. This process is really not as adversarial as it seems - 
the members just want to avoid any difficult-to-rectify mistakes.

After at least three days for discussion, the resolution will then go to the next SPI Board Meeting, which are held monthly on irc.spi-inc.org 
(the OFTC network), channel #spi, according to a schedule published on the SPI web site. You are welcome and encouraged to attend.

## Vote

Board members will judge the application on several merits:

Free Software: is the project a genuine Free Software community project?

Substance: Does the project have an established development community, history of software releases, etc?

Significance: Is the project used by a broad audience, or does it have political or market significance?

## Acceptance

If the resolution passes, the project is invited to become an associated project.  The nominated liaison will be notified of the 
invitation.  They will then have the amount of time stated in the resolution, usually 60 days, to officially accept.

# The Project Liaison

The Liaison is the person from the project to whom the Board listens for all authoritative decisions regarding project assets, fundraising, expenses
and disposition.  While the Board is happy to talk to other members of the project, only the Liaison will be able to send any instructions regarding
funds or assets, unless they delegate someone else.

The SPI Board does not stipulate how the Liaison is chosen in the project, as long as there are clear rules which let the Board know to whom to listen, especially
in the event of disagreement.  For most projects, it is simply one of the project founders who volunteers and appoints their own successor.  A few
projects, such as Debian and PostgreSQL, have well defined election procedures.

It is recommended, but not required, that the Liaison attend Board meetings, and subscribe to the board@spi-inc.org mailing list.  They will 
be subscribed to the liasons@spi-inc.org list.  At Board meetings, Liaisons are considered "Advisors", able to bring proposals to the Board 
and speak but not to vote (unless, of course, they also happen to be Board members).

# Participating in SPI

All major contributors to the project are eligible for SPI contributing membership, but they each have to apply for it individually: 
[http://www.spi-inc.org/membership/](http://www.spi-inc.org/membership/). The liaison can speed the membership acceptance process up by 
supplying the Board and Membership Committee with a list of eligible contributors for the project. The liaison will be consulted where there 
is doubt.

As the Contributing members elect the Board, as well as argue decisions which the Board feels are controversial enough to merit wide 
discussion, it is important that the project members join SPI to ensure the project is well represented.

# Fundraising

All monetary activities in SPI are administrated by the Treasurer (treasurer@spi-inc.org). 

SPI can accept donations for the project in two ways: checks or credit cards.  Checks must be in American or Canadian dollars and are 
mailed directly to SPI's mailing address.  Credit cards are processed by an external service, Click&amp;Pledge at this time.   The Treasurer 
should be contacted to set up access to credit card donations, which may include the ability to create special donation pages for individual 
campaigns or events for which the project is collecting.

In either case, it is important that the donor designate that the gift is to go to the project.  If a gift arrives without a designated 
project, the Treasurer will attempt to contact the donor, and if unsuccessful will place the money in the SPI general fund.

Please note that as a US 501(c)3 Non-Profit Organization, there are legal restrictions on what money SPI can accept.  Most common project 
fundraising activities are fine, but if the project plans to do anything unusual, please clear it with the treasurer first.  Sales of fixed-price 
items (like T-shirts) are acceptable but the Treasurer needs to know about how the money was collected.

All donations to SPI are charitable under US law, except in certain cases such as t-shirt sales and event tickets.  As a US non-profit, SPI 
ia unable to provide donation tax credits to residents of other countries.

All transaction costs (such as the 4.5% for credit cards, and wire transfer fees) are deducted from the contribution.  5% of the remainder 
is deducted for SPI overhead, primarily accounting, photocopying and postage.  The remaining money is held in trust for the project. 

Due to processing time, it can take between a few days and a few weeks for a donation to arrive in the bank account and be available for the 
project to spend.  Under unusual circumstances the can draw money from the SPI reserves against donations which are confirmed (i.e. check 
received) but not deposited, but this is not normal practice.

The liaison will receive notice of any donations made to the project, with donor details if available.   It is recommended to send 
personalized thank-you e-mails or letters to project donors.

# Paying Project Expenses

The liaison can request payment of project expenses at any time by sending a request to the treasurer.  If the expense is legal, it will be 
paid as soon as the Treasurer can reasonably manage it.  Please note that paying expenses usually means mailing checks, so payment generally 
takes two weeks or more.

Requests for payment should be accompanied by paperwork detailing the expense. If the paperwork is not electronic, it can be can faxed or 
posted.  Generally, it is expected that individuals will pay the expenses up front and be reimbursed by SPI, but advance payment can be 
arranged with sufficient advance warning to the treasurer.  The Treasurer also has a credit card for online purchases which for some reason 
need to be made directly by SPI.

There are tax law restrictions on what we can legally pay for as a 501(c)3 Non-Profit.  Common expenses like travel, equipment, flyers, 
booths, conference expenses and legal help are generally fine, but some items like software development contracting need to be handled 
carefully.  If the liaison is in doubt they should contact the Treasurer.

Transaction fees from paying expenses (wire transfer fees, cashier's checks and postage) will be paid out of project funds.  Funds may be 
transferred only to other 501(c)3 US non-profit organizations, and may not be transferred to private companies, other types of non-profits, 
or foreign organizations except in compensation.

The Treasurer will give the liaison a monthly report of donations collected and expenses paid for the project.  In the future, there will be 
an online reporting interface which will allow the liaison to check balances at any time.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010-2011 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
