# BY-LAWS OF SOFTWARE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST, INC.

## ARTICLE ONE - ORGANIZATION

1. The name of this organization shall be Software in the Public
Interest, Inc.

2. The organization shall have a seal which shall be
in the following form:
<em>[Seal not present on electronic copy, only on paper original ]</em>

3. The organization may at its pleasure by a vote of the membership body 
change its name.

## ARTICLE TWO - PURPOSE

The following are the purposes for which this organization has been
organized:

* To create, form and establish an organization to formulate and provide
  free and open source software systems for use by the general public 
  without charge;
* to teach and train individuals regarding the use and application of such 
  systems;
* to hold classes, seminars and workshops concerning the proper
  use and application of computers and computer systems;
* to endeavor to monitor and improve the quality of currently
  existing publicly available software;
* to support, encourage and promote the creation and development of 
  free and open source software available to the general public;
* to provide information and education regarding the proper
  use of the Internet;
* to organize, hold and conduct meetings, discussions and forums on
  contemporary issues concerning the use of computers and computer software;
* to foster, promote and increase access to software systems
  available to the general public;
* to solicit, collect and otherwise raise money and to expend such
  funds in furtherance of the goals and activities of the corporation;
* to aid, assist, cooperate, co-sponsor
  and otherwise engage in concerted action with private, educational and
  governmental organizations and associations on all issues and matters
  concerning the use of computers and computer software
  and generally 
* to endeavor to promote, foster and advance interest in computers and
  computer software by all available means and methods.

Nothing herein shall authorize the corporation to operate or
maintain a nursery school, elementary school or secondary school.
Nothing herein shall authorize the corporation to operate or maintain
an institute of higher learning or to grant degrees.

In furtherance of its corporate purposes, the corporation shall have
all the general powers enumerated in Section 202 of the Not-For-Profit
Corporation Law, together with the power to solicit grants and
contributions for the corporate purposes.

Nothing herein shall authorize this corporation, directly or
indirectly, to engage in or include among its purposes, any of the
activities mentioned in the Not-For-Profit Corporation Law, Section
404(b)-(v).

## ARTICLE THREE - MEMBERSHIP

Membership shall be open to all people who meet the approval of the 
membership committee.  Membership is open to individuals only.

Members agree to support the principles and help further the goals of 
this organization. All membership applications will be reviewed by the 
Membership Committee. Applicants must meet the criteria set forth in the 
charter of the Membership Committee.

Members wishing to leave the organization may do so at any time by 
notifying the membership committee in writing of their desire for the 
membership to be terminated.

There are two classes of membership, associate membership and 
contributing membership.

### Associate membership

To become an associate member, the applicant must apply for an
associate membership. This membership will not expire.

### Contributing Members

Contributing membership is open to any associate member who have
made significant contributions to the free software community, as
determined by the membership committee.

Contributing members have the right and responsibility of overseeing the 
board members, officers, and committees and ensuring that they operate 
in accordance with the goals and principles of the organization. All 
board members, officers, and committees are ultimately responsible to 
the contributing membership, and should act in accordance with its 
wishes.

## ARTICLE FOUR - GENERAL MEETINGS

### Meeting Notices

The Secretary shall cause to be mailed (electronically or otherwise) to 
every board member in good standing at his or her address as it appears 
in the membership roll book of this organization a notice telling the 
time and place of the next scheduled meeting, not less than 14 days 
before the scheduled start of the meeting.

### Annual General Meeting

The annual general meeting of this organization shall be held in the 
month of August, using such real-time electronic communications media as
the board of this organisation has previously established.

[If we hold the AGM in August the results of the election will be known]

The presence of not less than two-thirds of the board members shall 
constitute a quorum and shall be necessary to conduct the business of 
this organization at the annual general meeting.

### Regular General Meetings

[Minimum schedule for regular general meetings removed as it is arbitrary, What 
happens if quorum isn't met repeatedly and this requirement cannot be 
achieved?  In any case, there are various ways to call a special general meeting 
if a meeting is really needed and is not otherwise being called]

Regular general meetings of this organization shall be held on a schedule 
that the board will from time to time establish for this purpose.

The presence of not less than two-thirds of the board members shall
constitute a quorum and shall be necessary to conduct the business of this
organization at a regular meeting.

[Deleted convoluted rules about adjournment.  Pointless and we don't use them
anymore anyway]

### Special General Meetings

A Special General Meeting of this organization can be called in three ways:

(1) The president directs

(2) Two directors submit a signed declaration to the secretary

(3) One third of the members of the organisation sign and submit a petition to the secretary

Notices of such meeting shall be mailed to all members at their addresses as they appear in the membership roll book at least 15 days but not more than 30 days 
before the scheduled date set for such special general meeting. Such notice shall state the reasons that such meeting has been called and the business to be conducted.

At the request of one-third members of the organization the President shall
cause a special meeting to be called but such request must be made in
writing at least thirty (30) days before the requested scheduled date.

No other business but that specified in the notice may be transacted at 
such special meeting without the unanimous consent of all present at 
such meeting.

## ARTICLE FIVE - VOTING

Any contributing member of SPI is eligible to vote. Non contributing
members of SPI may not vote. Each voting member shall have exactly one
vote. Ballots concerning election or removal of officers shall be secret
ballots.

There shall be no quorum for a vote by the membership.
All votes (unless otherwise stated) are approved by a simple
majority (greater than 50%) of voters being in favor of the issue in question.

At any regular or special meeting if a majority so requires, any question
may be voted upon in the manner and style deemed appropriate by the
secretary of the organization or chairman of the meeting.

All votes by the membership shall be cast in the manner specified by the
Secretary. Unless otherwise stated voting shall be by cryptographically
signed email ballots using a cryptographic algorithm and strength considered acceptable for use by the government of the United States of America.

Any written proposal submitted to the secretary that bears the signatures of at least 5% of the number of contributing members of the organisation shall be put to the membership for a vote within 30 days.  Such written proposals may be submitted electronically.

Votes and tallies are not revealed during voting but votes cast are listed
after the election is over. The ballots for the election of officers shall
be kept secret even after the vote is over.

No inspector of election shall be a candidate for office or shall be
personally interested in the question voted upon.

### Resolutions

Resolutions are voted on by the board of directors. Resolutions may be
put before the board for consideration. If the board decides not to
consider an issue, the membership may vote on the resolution. The
membership may also override a vote of the board by a 2/3 majority vote.

## ARTICLE SIX - BOARD MEETINGS

### Order of Business

Board meetings shall follow the schedule as specified below:

1. Roll call.
2. Reading of the minutes of the preceding meeting.
3. Reports of committee.
4. Reports of officers.
5. Old and unfinished business.
6. New business.
7. Good and welfare.
8. Adjoumments.

## ARTICLE SEVEN - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The business of this organization shall be managed by a Board of Directors
consisting of eight to 12 members, four of whom shall be the officers of
this organization.

The directors to be chosen for the ensuing year shall be chosen at the
annual meeting of this organization in the same manner and style as
the officers of this organization and they shall serve for a term of
three years.

The Board of Directors shall have the control and management of the
affairs and business of this organization. Such Board of Directors
shall only act in the name of the organization when it shall be
regularly convened by its chairman after due notice to all the
directors of such meeting.

Two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors shall constitute a
quorum and the meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
regularly on the first of July each year.

Each director shall have one vote and such voting may not be done by
proxy.

The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations covering
its meetings as it may in its discretion determine necessary.

Vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be filled by a vote of the
majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors for the
balance of the year.

The President of the organization by virtue of the office shall be
Chairperson of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors shall 
select from one of their number a Secretary.

A director may be removed when sufficient cause exists for such
removal. The Board of Directors may entertain charges against any
director. A director may be represented by counsel upon any removal
hearing. The Board of Directors shall adopt such rules as it may in
its discretion consider necessary for the best interests of the
organization, for this hearing.

## ARTICLE EIGHT - OFFICERS

The officers of this organization shall hold the positions of President,
Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer. The names and positions of the
current officers are found in Appendix A of these by-laws.

### President

The President shall preside at all membership meetings, by virtue of
the office be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, present at each
annual meeting of the organization an annual report of the work of the
organization, appoint all committees, temporary or permanent, see that
all books, reports and certificates as required by law are properly
kept or filed, be one of the officers who may sign the checks or
drafts of the organization, and have such powers as may be reasonably
construed as belonging to the chief executive of any organization.

### Vice-President

The Vice-President shall in the event of the absence or inability of
the President to exercise his or her office become acting President of
the organization with all the rights, privileges and powers as if he
or she had been the duly elected President.

### Secretary

The Secretary shall keep the minutes and records of the organization
in appropriate books, file any certificate required by any statute,
federal or state, give and serve all notices to members of the
organization, be the official custodian of the records
and seal of the organization, be one of the officers required to sign
the checks and drafts of the organization, present to the membership
at any meetings any communication addressed to the Secretary of the
organization, submit to the Board of Directors any communications
which shall be addressed to the Secretary of the organization, attend
to all correspondence of the organization and exercise all duties
incident to the office of Secretary.

### Treasurer

The Treasurer shall have the care and custody of all monies belonging
to the organization, be solely responsible for such monies
or securities of the organization and be one of the officers who shall
sign checks or drafts of the organization. No special fund may be set
aside that shall make it unnecessary for the Treasurer to sign the
checks issued upon it.

The Treasurer shall render at stated periods as the Board of Directors
shall determine a written account of the finances of the organization
and such report shall be physically affixed to the minutes of the
Board of Directors of such meeting and shall exercise all duties
incident to the office of Treasurer.

Officers shall by virtue of this office be members of the Board of
Directors.

No officer or director shall for reason of the office be entitled to
receive any salary or compensation, but nothing herein shall be
construed to prevent an officer or director from receiving any
compensation from the organization for duties other than as a director
or officer.

## ARTICLE NINE - SALARIES

The Board of Directors shall hire and fix the compensation of any and
all employees which they in their discretion may determine to be
necessary in the conduct of the business of the organization.

## ARTICLE TEN - COMMITTEES

Committees are an extension of the board of directors and take care of the
day to day business of the organization. The board of directors forms
committees by issuing the committee charter.

Committees are governed by the board of directors and are accountable to
the board and the membership.

Committees may propose resolutions and motions within the scope of their
charter, and may also make decisions on behalf of the organization if and
as authorized by their charter. Discussions should be held in a public forum,
but the committee may have private discussions if they are deemed
necessary.

### Committee Charter

The committee charter completely describes the rights and responsibilities
of the committee, as well as its structure, membership policies, and any
other relevant details. The charter should also provide an outline for how
discussions will be conducted, and how the membership and public are to be
informed of its actions. Charters are issued and revoked by the board of
directors. The charter shall be put before the membership for review and
discussion before it is voted on by the board of directors.

The charter shall also define the membership structure of the 
committee.  Both contributing and non contributing members are eligible 
to serve on committees.

### Permanent Committees

Permanent committees are in charge of issues that are vital to the basic
functionality of the organization. Their charters shall not be revoked but
may be modified by the board of directors if necessary.

The permanent committees shall be as follows:

* Membership Committee

  This committee is responsible for handling all membership related
  issues, including verifying the identity of new members and ensuring that
  the membership rules are being observed.

  Unless the board of directors establishes otherwise, by way of
  resolution, each director shall be a member of the Membership 
  committee, ex officio.

  The membership committee will make reasonable and fair procedures for 
  establishing the criteria for the granting of contributing membership 
  applications and for any other tasks that it is required to perform.

  Unless determined by the board of directors, by way of resolution, 
  contributing membership is perpetual.  The board may establish 
  procedures that allow the Membership Committee to make a determination 
  as to whether a contributing member should be permitted to retain this 
  status or whether they should be returned to the status of 
  associate member. [This needs to be better phrased]

  Board members, by virtue of their office, are automatically granted the
  status of contributing members.

* Administrative Committee

  This committee is responsible for maintaining the computers and other
  technical systems that Software In The Public Interest, Inc. is using and
  other technical resources.

## ARTICLE ELEVEN - DUES

No dues are required and no dues are anticipated.
Notwithstanding, the board of directors reserve the right to impose membership dues and to set the amount at a later date if it is deemed necessary.

## ARTICLE TWELVE - AMENDMENTS

These by-laws may be altered, amended, repealed or added to by an
affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the members.

Appendices containing organizational information shall not require a vote
of the membership for modification. They may be modified by a 2/3 vote of
the Board of Directors, unless otherwise stated therein.

## APPENDIX A - OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

This section shall contain the names and positions of the current
officers. It shall be modified to contain the names of new officers of the
organization when necessary, and shall not require a vote beyond the
approval of the resolution appointing the officers.

The officers of the organization shall be as follows:

[[!table header=no data="""
President: | Bdale Garbee
Vice President: | Joerg Jaspert
Secretary: | Jonathan McDowell
Treasurer: | Michael Schultheiss
"""]]

-----

### Revision history

#### Revision 1

* December 10, 1997 - added one member to the Board of Directors and
  elected Ian Jackson to same. Elected Ian Jackson to office of Vice
  President.

* This copy scanned by Ian Jackson from a copy sent to him from Marotta
        &amp; Kristiansen, the lawyers Tim Sailer has been dealing with for
        SPI. - iwj 7.7.1998

* Reformatted by Nils Lohner for readability - August 4, 1998

* Checked and corrected against paper copy by Nils Lohner for
  accuracy - August 18, 1998

#### Revision 2

* Modified in accordance with Resolution 1999-09-21.nl:  Changes to the 
  Bylaws of Software in the Public Interest, Inc. by Nils Lohner -
  September 22, 1999

* Updated (belatedly) officer names, fixed formatting of the changelog,
  by Josip Rodin - April 4th, 2002.

* Changed VP to Ean Schuessler, removed Nils as President, by Russell Nelson 
  (committed by Josip Rodin) - January 17th, 2003.

#### Revision 2.1

* Updated officer names and positions by Joey Schulze - September 11th, 2004.

#### Revision 2.2

* Updated officer names and positions by Neil McGovern - August 6th, 2006

#### Revision 2.3

* Updated officer names and positions by Neil McGovern - August 9th, 2007

#### Revision 2.4

* Updated officer names and positions by Jimmy Kaplowitz - October 15th, 2008

#### Revision 2.5

* Updated officer names and positions by Robert Brockway - February 10, 2012

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010  Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
