[[!meta title="Resolution 2001-11-26.iwj.1: Email Voting"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2001-11-26.iwj.1: Email Voting

November 26th, 2001

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [November 26, 2001](/meetings/minutes/2001/2001-11-26).

This resolution is superseded by
[2004-10-15.dbg.1](../../2004/2004-10-15.dbg.1)

I\. Since the board is now larger, the email voting scheme previously
agreed in Resolution [1998-09-24.iwj.5](../../1998/1998-09-24.iwj.5)
has become unworkable. We therefore resolve:

II\. Resolution 1998-09-24.iwj.5 on email voting is revoked.

III\. In order to further the efficient working of Software in the
Public Interest, Inc., it is hereby agreed that in future,
until resolved otherwise by the Board, resolutions of the Board may be
made by unanimous agreement by electronic mail according to the
following procedure:

1. A board member sends an electronic mail message to the Board
mailing list, giving the title and text of a draft
resolution.

2. The resolution will then be discussed if necessary.

3. When the discussion is complete the Proposer shall send a mail to
the Board mailing list containing the final version of the
resolution for voting.

The Proposer should state in their message "I hereby propose
the following Resolution:".

The resolution number should be in the form YYYY-MM-DD.PROP.UNIQ
where PROP is an indication of the proposer (such as their
initials), who allocates the number, and UNIQ is a number added
for uniqueness. The same resolution number may not be given to
two different resolutions or texts.

The message should be digitally signed by a key recognised by the
other board members.

4. Sufficient board members each send signed electronic mail quoting
the resolution's number, title, and text, and state "I hereby vote
in favour of the resolution below" in the message body, and no
board members send such mail stating the facts and "I hereby veto
the resolution below" (or similar).

5. Sufficient board members are four, or 50% of the board membership
eligible to vote, whichever is greater. The Proposer is counted
as voting in favour.

6. At least one week has passed since the proposal in (3).

Such an exchange shall constitute notice of and the business of a
meeting of the board for the purpose of acting in the name of the
organisation according to article 7 of the bylaws. A resolution which
has been agreed to by, and to which consent has been indicated by, the
participating members of the Board, as described above, shall have
equivalent force to a resolution passed by proper procedure during a
physical or other electronic meeting of the Board.

