[[!meta title="Resolution 2003-03-11.iwj.1: SPI Board private mailing list"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2003-03-11.iwj.1: SPI Board private mailing list

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [March 11, 2003](/meetings/minutes/2003/2003-03-11).

This resolution was repealed at the
[board meeting on March 15th, 2005](../../../../meetings/minutes/2005/2005-03-15/)

WHEREAS: the SPI board alias has been swamped by large volumes of
discussion. This discussion has been very interesting to many board members,
but the quantity makes mailboxes used for normal board business difficult to
use for some board members.

RESOLVED,

The following solution:

* A new alias, board-private@spi-inc.org, which starts out with the current
  recipient list of the board alias, shall be created.
* board-private traffic may include all traffic _except_ debate of
  any kind which is being contributed to by or is carbon-copied to any third
  party. A third party is someone without a direct official connection to
  either SPI or the question at hand.
* board-private is a restricted email address. It may only be mailed to by
  board members or advisers or with specific permission of board members, and
  people who should not mail to it should not be carbon-copied on mail to
  board-private.
* If board-private starts to be abused, then lightweight technical measures
  should be taken to restrict posting to board members and advisers.

The Secretary is asked to implement this as soon as possible, or,
alternatively, to give Ian Jackson the necessary technical permissions in which
case Ian is asked to implement it as soon as possible with the Secretary's
advice and assistance.

