[[!meta title="Resolution 2003-06-03.bmh.1: Trademark Committee"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2003-06-03.bmh.1: Trademark Committee

June 3rd, 2003

The following resolution has been accepted by the Board of
Directors of Software in the Public Interest, Inc.:

### WHEREAS,

SPI is in control of DEBIAN, a registered trademark in the
United States, and may in the future come to control registered
trademarks for other member projects.

Debian, and possibly other SPI supported projects in the
future, is in the unusual position of desiring to encourage the open
use of its trademark without abandoning the quality control and source
designation functions inherent in a trademark.

Toward this end, Bruce Perens wrote a trademark policy and posted
it to a Debian mailing list in 1998
[1](http://lists.debian.org/debian-announce/debian-announce-1998/msg00006.html)
that has served as SPI's trademark policy up until this point. While
this policy successfully captures the spirit of SPI's intentions in
regards to its member project's trademarks, it is informal and not
well known.

In recent months, SPI has been involved in several trademark issues
regarding the use of the DEBIAN trademark. While these cases have been
resolved, they alert SPI to the need to review, reconsider, and
re-articulate its trademark policy with respect to the DEBIAN
trademark, and potentially with respect to trademarks held for other
member projects, in more formal and legal terms.

SPI is in the unique, and perhaps unprecedented, position of
drafting a policy that aims to balance the control called for in
trademark law with the openness, freedom, and flexibility at the
center of many SPI supported projects.

### RESOLVED THAT,

1. The board shall create a committee (the "Trademark Committee")
comprised of Chris Rourk (Legal Counsel for SPI), Greg Pomerantz (SPI
Contributing Member), Bruce Perens and Benjamin Mako Hill to act as a
liaison for the SPI Board of Directors and Martin Michlmayr (Debian
Project Leader) or a delegate representing the Debian Project and open
to participation by other board members and SPI contributing members,
for the purpose of reviewing SPI's trademark policy. If the committee
feels that there is sufficient justification for elaboration of the
existing policy, the committee will draft a new trademark policy with
the DEBIAN mark in mind, and present this policy to the board for
consideration.

2. The Trademark Committee shall have the authority to retain Cleary,
Gottlieb, Steen &amp; Hamilton, on a pro bono basis, solely for advice
concerning the foregoing activities.

1. [http://lists.debian.org/debian-announce/debian-announce-1998/msg00006.html](http://lists.debian.org/debian-announce/debian-announce-1998/msg00006.html)

