20:00 < tbm> *GAVEL*
20:00 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:01 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2017/2017-12-11/
20:01 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:01 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
20:01 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:01 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
20:01 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
20:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:01 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:01 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:02 < Hydroxide> Ganneff, luca, [tpot in absentia]: ping
20:02 < tbm> so we need one more
20:02 < tridge> i've sent an SMS to tpot
20:02 < Hydroxide> I've just sent a Signal message to Luca
20:03 -!- tpot [~tpot@124-171-107-74.dyn.iinet.net.au] has joined #spi
20:03 < tpot> here
20:03 < Hydroxide> \o/ quorum
20:03 < tbm> tpot: please state your name
20:03 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:03 < tbm> Ok, great
20:03 < tbm> [item 3, President's Report]
20:04 < tbm> I'd like to thank Michael for his continued work as treasurer.  I'm happy to see the
20:04 < tbm> number of outstanding requests go down.
20:04 < tbm> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:05 < schultmc> I am continuing to work with zobel on streamlining our reporting and hope to have the remaining outstanding reports released soon.
20:05 < schultmc> Our Form 990 (federal tax return) and New York State returns were filed and accepted on time
20:05 < schultmc> The agenda mentions FDIC insurance limits
20:06 < schultmc> the current FDIC limits are $250,000 of coverage per covered entity per bank
20:07 < schultmc> SPI currently has over $1,000,000 in assets and thus some of our banks are over the FDIC coverage limit. We are researching additional financial instiutions to open accounts with to brings us below the covered limit
20:07 < schultmc> SPI's accounts are all with large regional or national banks who are unlikely to fail but it is prudent to be under the FDIC limits.
20:08 < schultmc> </done>
20:09 < tbm> Thanks for your work!
20:09 < tbm> any questions? otherwise we can move on
20:09 < tbm> thanks for preparing and submitting the 990
20:09 < schultmc> No problem - thank you for your assistance with treasurer tickets as well
20:09 < tbm> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:09 < spectranaut> nothing to report
20:09 < tbm> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:09 < tbm> The minutes for 11th September 2017 require approval.
20:09 < tbm> They can be found at http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2017/2017-09-11/
20:10 < spectranaut> I don't have the voting script, everyone, so I'll hand count :)
20:10 < spectranaut> Vote (yes, no, abstain) on outstanding minutes Monday, 11th September 2017: Hydroxide spectranaut schultmc tridge tbm tpot
20:10 < spectranaut> vote: yes
20:10 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:10 < tridge> vote: yes
20:10 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:10 < tpot> vote: yes
20:10 < tbm> !vote yes
20:10 < spectranaut> great -- voting passed, minutes approved
20:10  * Hydroxide grins at our perfect alternation of vote prefixes
20:11 < spectranaut> The minutes for the F2F 9th-11th of October also require approval
20:12 < spectranaut> they can be found: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2017/2017-10-09-f2f-new-york/
20:12 < tbm> !vote yes
20:12 < spectranaut> Vote (yes, no, abstain) on outstanding minutes NYC F2F Meeting, 9th-11th October 2017: Hydroxide spectranaut schultmc tridge tbm tpot
20:12 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:12 < spectranaut> vote yes
20:12 < tridge> !vote: abstain
20:12 < tpot> vote: yes
20:12 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:12 < spectranaut> great -- vote passed, minutes approved
20:13 < tpot> nice alternation again
20:13 < tbm> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:13 < tbm> [item 7.1, Resolution 2017-10-12.mzh.1]
20:13 < tbm> zobel proposed this a while ago and Luca kindly made some edits based on feedback
20:13 < tbm> I think this is ready to vote on
20:14 < schultmc> did Mishi respond on whether this would be prohibited political/lobbying under 501c3 rules?
20:15 < tbm> She said during the f2f it wouldn't be lobbying
20:15 < schultmc> ok
20:15 < Hydroxide> noting for the record to explain why I'm abstaining: I support the general goal of the campaign and think it's a good thing for SPI to associate with, which is why I'm not voting no, but I do have concerns with the open letter's slightly absolutist assertion that all public code should be released without an exception for covert or national security stuff, hence not voting yes.
20:15 < Hydroxide> but I'm okay voting
20:16 < spectranaut> ok sounds like we are good to vote
20:16 < spectranaut> Vote (yes, no, abstain) on Resolution 2017-10-12.mzh.1: Supporting FSFE's "Public Money, Public Code" campaign: Hydroxide spectranaut schultmc tridge tbm tpot
20:16 < tbm> !vote yes
20:16 < tridge> !vote: yes
20:16 < spectranaut> !vote yes
20:16 < Hydroxide> !vote abstain
20:16 < tpot> vote: yes
20:16 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:16 < spectranaut> Resolution passed
20:17 < tbm> [item 7.2, Review of F2F Action Items]
20:18 < spectranaut> can each board member give a quick update on how they are doing with regard to their action items?
20:18 < spectranaut> they are all listed on todays agenda: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2017/2017-12-11/
20:19 < tbm> unfortunately I haven't been able to work on my action items
20:19 < spectranaut> I'll cross out the items you have completed in next months action item review
20:19 < schultmc> I don't see any action items explicitly listed for me but I am researching additional banks for use to utilize to help keep us below the FDIC limit
20:20 < spectranaut> I wrote a code of conduct and emailed the SPI board, no responses yet. I haven't done the others but I'll start advertising SPI meetings on our twitter account starting this month, and work with luca on a membership committee
20:21 < Hydroxide> for my items: Ian Jackson was fine with my wording re: membership; I updated several SPI web pages to better document SPI's relationship with member projects; I haven't yet emailed mishi but it's still on my to-do list; and I spent a bunch of time successfully completing an action item that came up during the F2F after we left SFLC: we now have G Suite for Nonprofits, which we at least want to use for
20:21 < Hydroxide> Google Voice for Paypal purposes, but don't have to migrate to any more than we want. luca, schultmc, and I currently have G Suite super admin access there; and this service is gratis.
20:22 < spectranaut> tpot: you had just one item, did you complete it?
20:22 < tpot> sorry i didn't realise that i had it - will get it done before the next meeting
20:22 < spectranaut> great thanks! :)
20:22 < spectranaut> that's everyone
20:23 < tbm> [item 8, Any other business]
20:23 < tbm> Anything?
20:23 < Hydroxide> one item - maybe we should consult Ganneff to see if he's going to be able to attend more reliably in 2018
20:24 < tbm> agreed
20:25 < tbm> anything else?
20:25 < tbm> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:25 < tbm> The next board meeting is scheduled for: January 8th, 2018
20:25 < tbm> Any objections?
20:26 < spectranaut> I will not be able to attend
20:26 < spectranaut> I'll be on vacation -- but that is not an objection
20:26 < tbm> ok, let's see if we get more regrets early January
20:26 < tbm> *GAVEL*
