[15:00:13] <luca> *gavel*
[15:00:24] <luca> 1. Opening
[15:00:28] --> spectranaut_ (~spectrana@c-66-31-31-124.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #spi
[15:00:43] <luca> welcome to the 2017-11-20 meeting of the SPI Board
[15:00:49] <luca> 2. Roll Call
[15:01:25] <luca> board members: please state your full name; guests: please DM spectranaut_ to have your presence recorded in the minutes (no obligation)
[15:01:29] <luca> Luca Filipozzi
[15:01:30] <schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
[15:01:30] <Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
[15:01:33] <spectranaut> Valerie Young
[15:01:35] <tridge> Andrew Tridgell
[15:01:45] <luca> tbm probided regrets
[15:01:53] <spectranaut> as did zobel
[15:02:09] <Hydroxide> one more is required for quorum
[15:02:16] <luca> that leaves tpot and Ganneff?
[15:02:21] <spectranaut> yup
[15:02:39] <luca> we will wait 5 minutes (to 20:07)
[15:03:45] <Hydroxide> can someone SMS or otherwise notify tpot and Ganneff? (tridge might be the easiest to sms tpot)
[15:04:00] <tridge> yep, I've sent an SMS to tpot
[15:04:03] <Hydroxide> thanks
[15:05:17] <tridge> had to go out into my back yard in my dressing gown - darn metal roof blocks mobile signals. I need to get myself a picocell
[15:07:50] <luca> a mesh of femtocells, maybe
[15:08:04] <luca> we are not a quorum having
[15:08:24] <Hydroxide> goes along with the not grammar having ;)
[15:08:36] <luca> consequently, this meeting isn't proceeding
[15:08:54] <Hydroxide> do we reschedule the November one again or try again for the standard December time?
[15:08:58] <luca> spectranaut: please add minute accordingly, noting regrets and absences
[15:09:04] <spectranaut> luca: will do
[15:09:08] <schultmc> we're running out of November :)
[15:09:10] <spectranaut> probably December
[15:09:14] <luca> spectranaut: please issue a call-for-meeting for next Monday, admonishing all board members to attend
[15:09:15] <spectranaut> we don't have anything urgent?
[15:09:29] <luca> spectranaut: i think we keep going every monday until a damn meeting happens
[15:09:33] <Hydroxide> yeah. the december meeting is scheduled for December 11, 20:00 UTC. and for those who use this as a reminder, the google calendar entry is now updated
[15:10:19] <luca> spectranaut, schultmc, Hydroxide, tridge: try again next monday or wait until December 11?
[15:10:21] <spectranaut> hmmm it's a bit not standard to keep moving the meeting back by one week, luca
[15:10:23] <Hydroxide> luca: I'm not necessarily thrilled with the idea of having to make this slot free every week based on the unpredictable chance of others showing up, rather than only once per month
[15:10:35] <spectranaut> yeah I agree with Hydroxide
[15:10:47] <luca> tridge and schultmc: ?
[15:10:48] <tridge> i'm happy either way
[15:10:51] <Hydroxide> I'm currently free next Monday, but wasn't planning on guaranteeing that it would stay that way.
[15:10:52] <luca> schultmc: ?
[15:10:59] <schultmc> I'm fine waiting until december
[15:11:05] <luca> december it is
[15:11:06] <schultmc> but I can meet next Monday if needed
[15:11:23] <luca> spectranaut: please send out reminder for Dec 11th
[15:11:48] <luca> thank you for attending
[15:11:49] <luca> *gavel*
