21:00 < tbm> *GAVEL*
21:00 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2017/2017-01-09/
21:00 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
21:00 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
21:00 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:01 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
21:01 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:02 < tbm> are xnox and zobel here?
21:02 < luca> zobel expressed regrets via email
21:02 < luca> as did schultmc
21:02 < tbm> oh yes, I remember that now
21:03 < tbm> I think that means we won't reach quorum
21:03 < luca> agreed; postpone by one week?
21:03 < tbm> I don't think there's anything urgent
21:03 < tbm> so let's just hold one on February 13
21:03 < luca> ok
21:04 < tbm> btw, spectranaut you put February 23-24 in the agenda for the f2f but it's 24-25 (I'll fix)
21:04 < spectranaut> oh I was wandering if we were going to hold a meeting right before the f2f
21:04 < spectranaut> we will have a meeting feb 13 then?
21:04 < luca> yeah, let's
21:04 < spectranaut> cool
21:04 < tbm> spectranaut: I think it's good to have a meeting on feb 13 for operational issues so we can focus on big picture stuff during the f2f
21:05 < tbm> Ok, since we don't have quorum, let's meet on Feb 13
21:05 < tbm> *GAVEL*
