[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, September 19th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
* Luk Claes (luk)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the draft minutes for the September 19th, 2007 SPI Board meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-09-19-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
None Received.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Josh Berkus and Michael Schultheiss have hired an intern to help us get caught
up on data entry.
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
None Received.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__
No sets of minutes were raised for the approval of the board.


## Items up for discussion

### 2007-09-19.jdd.4 - Review and determination of transaction providers

After some discussion, 2007-09-19.jdd.5 was amended to include the phrase "The
Treasurer is authorized to spend any reasonable funds to complete this
review.".

Additionally, Luk Claes proposed the amendment for the frequency of the
resolution to read:

__at least every 12 months if at all possible__

Josh Berkus moved to vote on the amendment, seconded by Joerg Jaspert.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 2, Abstain: 0.

Neil McGovern moved, seconded by Joerg Jaspert to vote on the resolution, as
amended:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, October 17th, 2007 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

[2007-09-19.jdd.5.lc.1](/corporate/resolutions/2007/2007-09-19.jdd.5.lc.1/):
Review and determination of transaction providers

