# Board Meeting, January 16th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* Robert Treat - PostgreSQL (xzilla)


__Registered guests present__

* Luk Clas (luk)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* Kaare Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* Thijs Kinkhorst (kink)
* Greg Sabino Mullane (G_SabinoMullane)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Mark Brown (broonie)
* Stuart Walsh (cryogen)
* Devrim Gunduz (devrimgunduz)
* Joe Nahmias (jello)
* Romain Francoise (ore)
* Julien Cristau (jcristau)
* David Fetter (davidfetter)
* Ken Coar (RoUS)


These are the draft minutes for the January 16th, 2007SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-01-16-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
The only significant thing to report is that I had a lengthy and detailed
discussion with our legal counsel Gregory Pomerantz by phone, the details of
which I reported on to the rest of the board by email. Various details from
that call and the ensuing discussion will show up in various actions and
reports.
</pre>

Ian Jackson and Neil McGovern thanked Bdale for his work and excellent report.


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Branden Robinson resigned as Assistant Treasurer on 2007-01-05.  I volunteered
for Assistant Treasurer on 2007-01-05.  On 2007-01-08 (date difference due to
Post Office hours) Branden became the SPI Mail Clerk (in line with Josh's
anti-malfeasance policies)
</pre>

Robert Treat noted that although [PostgreSQL] are aware of the troubles with
the financials, the PostgreSQL Fundraising Group is getting impatient.

## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__December 19th 2006 minutes have been raised for approval of
the board.

Neil McGovern moved, seconded by Michael Schultheiss that Bdale Garbee and
Branden Robinson should be marked absent with regrets for the December 19th
2006 meeting.

Motion to mark Bdale Garbee absent with regrets for December 19th, 2006 meeting

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 4.

Motion to mark Branden Robinson absent with regrets for December 19th, 2006
meeting

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 3.

Motion to accept the November 21st minutes, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded by
Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 3.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

Bdale notes:

<pre>
I'm greatly pleased that we are finally ready to act on this long-standing
issue, and thank our legal counsel for his advice which led to the proposed
amendment.
</pre>

Motion to approve amendment 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1: Debian trademark in Spain
(revised), moved by Neil McGovern, seconded by Jimmy Kaplowitz.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0.

Motion to approve resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1 (as amended): Debian
trademark in Spain, moved by Branden Robinson, seconded by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


### Resolution 2007-01-19.jmb.2: Moving SPI bank accounts

Motion to accept Resolution 2007-01-19.jmb.2, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded
by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


### Resolution 2006-12-18.mjr.ijw.1: Member communications

This item was adjourned until the February board meeting.


### Items from the DPL

Items 1-3 on this are resolved. Items 4 and 5 are awaiting data entry on the
accounting system, and are being worked on.


### Opensource.org report

Neil McGovern will prepare a summary report on the discussion by the board
about resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative Domain, to be
attached to the February minutes (if approved by the board).


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday 16th February, 2006 20:00UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1: Debian trademark in Spain
Resolution 2007-01-19.jmb.2: Moving SPI bank accounts

## Appendix C: Outstanding Items from the DPL

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harrassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
