[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, March 16th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Chris Travers (metatrontech)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Louis Suarez-Potts (louis_to)


These are the draft minutes for the March 16th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-03-16-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
None received
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Income Report
--------------
As of 2/28/07.  Note that these figures are NOT yet verified by our CPA.

      name       | expenses | income |   net    | balance
-----------------+----------+--------+----------+----------
 Debian          |  2282.81 | 784.28 | -1498.53 | 97742.00
 Drupal          |          |        |          |  6650.00
 Freedesktop.org |          |        |          |  1900.00
 Gallery         |          | 144.78 |   144.78 |   783.42
 OVF             |          |  90.49 |    90.49 |    23.91
 PostgreSQL      |          | 135.82 |   135.82 | 21801.48
 SPI 5%          |     0.00 |  61.02 |    61.02 | 11423.45
 SPI General     |   395.93 |  54.77 |  -341.16 |  1770.65

Notes: Balance includes all accumulated funds to date, except for
securities interest income for 2006 which is not yet accounted.  This
report counts donation dates slightly differently from the required IRS
rules and thus will differ slightly from our accounting reports.  Balance
forward from 2005 and earlier is assumed to be 100% Debian funds (see
below).

Accounting Status
------------------
All 2006 donations and expenses are entered into the ad-hoc data entry
system.  After some discussion with our accountant, these amounts will be
imported into the accountant's proprietary system for preparation of our
2006 taxes.  We will start fresh for 2007 with LedgerSMB; the Treasurer
plans to pay a LedgerSMB developer to make this happen a little faster
than it has been.
We have terminated our relationship with Mark's bookkeeping service, and
they have forwarded copies of all of our files.

Tax/IRS Status
-------------------
The IRS requested additional information for our 2005 Form 990, namely a
listing of donors over $5000.  I forwarded this information to them and
have not heard back.  We need to start harassing them again about updating
our address.

We have begun preparation of our 2006 taxes but because 2006 is not
reconciled, we will probably file an extension.

I will have filed our New York registration by the board meeting.
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
All mail to secretary@spi-inc.org have been resolutions visible on public SPI
mailing lists.
</pre>


## Spanish Trademark Report

<pre>
Neil McGovern has received a mail from Javier Fernández-Sanguino Peña
explaining that Javier de la Cueva may no long be motivated in working towards
a closure of this matter.  Neil has offered to fly to Madrid to arrange a face
to face meeting, but has not yet received a reply.
</pre>

Ian Jackson noted that he will be in Madrid in May, and may be available for a
meeting.

## Outstanding Minutes


__Current status:__
February 16th 2007 minutes have been raised for approval of the board.

Motion to accept the February 16th minutes, moved by Michael Schultheiss,
seconded by David Graham.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2007-02-15.jrk.1 - Openness of SPI Decision making

Motion to approve resolution 2007-02-15.jrk.1 - Openness of SPI Decision
making, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded by Jimmy Kaplowitz.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.


### Resolution 2007-02-28.iwj.1.jrk.1 - Formally recording Debian's status as an Associated Project

After a short amount of discussion, asking for a summary of the recent changes
to the resolution, Jimmy Kaplowitz moved to approve resolution Resolution
2007-02-28.iwj.1.jrk.1 - Formally recording Debian's status as an Associated
Project, seconded by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.


### Resolution 2007-03-16.jmb.1 - Accepting OpenOffice.org as Associated Project

Motion to approve resolution 2007-03-16.jmb.1 - Accepting OpenOffice.org as
Associated Project, moved by David Graham, seconded by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, April 20, 2007 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

Resolution 2007-02-15.jrk.1 - Openness of SPI Decision making

Resolution 2007-02-28.iwj.1.jrk.1 - Formally recording Debian's status as an
Associated Project

Resolution 2007-03-16.jmb.1 - Accepting OpenOffice.org as Associated Project

