# Board Meeting, May 18th, 2007


__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)


__Board members partially present__

* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Chris Travers (metatrontech)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Louis Suarez-Potts (louis_to)


These are the draft minutes for the May 18th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held at
19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-05-18-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
Bdale reported that he is now a non-voting observer of the OSI board.
</pre>

## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
None received
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
One mail has been received by Giveline, asking if we would be interested in
their services. We will look into their system, but do not initially envisage a
useful partnership.
</pre>


## Spanish Trademark Report

<pre>
This item will be discussed at DebConf 7 to try and approach a closure.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes


__Current status:__
April 20th 2007 minutes have been raised for approval of the board.


Motion to accept the March 16th minutes, moved by David Graham, seconded by
Jimmy Kaplowitz.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Items up for discussion

### Debian Logo License

A request has been made to re-licence and change the position on how SPI
pursues the Debian Logos. Bdale Garbee is to follow up with Greg Pomerantz to
consider any legal implications.

Acknowledge Sam Hocevar's relicensing of the Debian Logos, to take effect if
cleared by Greg Pomerantz. moved by Jimmy Kaplowitz, seconded by Neil McGovern:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, June 18, 2007 at 19:00 UTC at DebConf
2007, Edinburgh.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

None


[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
