# Board Meeting, July 6th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss	(schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Martin Schulze (Joey)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the draft minutes for the July 6th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2010/2007-07-06-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
I've just returned from trip to Europe that began with Debconf7 and continued
with some family vacation elsewhere in Scotland and in France.  It was good to
see so many SPI board and contributing members in person, and the turnout for
our SPI sessions at Debconf7 was higher than I personally expected, and we had
some good Q&amp;A.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
At this point, I need to have a meeting with schultmc about handing over the
role of Treasurer and discuss with the board paying the accountancy firm for
routine data entry.
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
The SPI Trademark Committee has reported the following:
There were two topics discussed on spi-trademark during May.

The first was closure of the previously-mentioned complaint about
Hinner EDV's use of the debian Official Use logo by its submitter.

The second was a question about a possible Debian Open Use Logo
infringement which is still being investigated.

We did not hear more about the "Drupal" trademark in Benelux.
</pre>


## Spanish Trademark Report

<pre>
As per a mail received to spi-board, the local people in Spain consider that
both issues (trademark and domain) are resolved. Thus, I suggest that
2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1 is revoked.
</pre>


David Graham moves to revoke 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1, seconded by Josh Berkus.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0.



Bdale asked if this opens up the possibility of pursuing an eu-wide trademark
registration. Neil McGovern will investigate this and bring it to the board
once details have been firmed up. Initial estimates indicate it would cost
around 2,000€.


## Outstanding Minutes


__Current status:__

Motion to accept the December 13th, 2005 minutes, moved by Bdale Garbee,
seconded by Neil McGovern.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


Motion to accept the May 18th, 2007 minutes, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded
by Michael Schultheiss.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## OpenVAS

Jimmy Kaplowitz moved to vote on 2007-06-18.iwj.2 - OpenVAS as an Associated
Project, seconded by Neil McGovern.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## SPI Board Election

Six seats are up for election. The secretary has currently received 4
nominations. Would people wishing to stand please mail secretary@spi-inc.org.
The deadline for nominations is Friday 13th July. 23:59:59 UTC. Board officer
elections will be held on the 3rd August, 2007.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, August 17th, 2007 at 19:00 UTC in #spi
on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

[2007-06-18.iwj.2](/corporate/resolutions/2007/2007-06-18.iwj.2/):
OpenVAS as an Associated Project


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
