[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, April 20th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Schulze (Joey)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* Sam Hocevar (sam) - Debian


__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Chris Travers (metatrontech)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Louis Suarez-Potts (louis_to)


These are the draft minutes for the April 20th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held at
19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-04-20-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
Bdale reported that he is now a non-voting observer of the OSI board.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
None received
</pre>

## Secretary's Report

<pre>
All mail to secretary@spi-inc.org have been resolutions visible on public spi
mailing lists.

Debian has elected a new DPL: Sam Hocevar who takes over from Anthony Towns as
advisor to the board
</pre>


## Spanish Trademark Report

<pre>
Neil McGovern has not yet received a reply to his offer to fly to Madrid, and
will mail Javier Fernández-Sanguino Peña and Javier de la Cueva to ask if
reimbursements for expenses would help move this matter forward.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__
March 16th 2007 minutes have been raised for approval of the board.

Motion to accept the March 16th minutes, moved by David Graham, seconded by
Jimmy Kaplowitz.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.


## Items up for discussion

### Debian Logo License

A request has been made to re-licence and change the position on how SPI
pursues the Debian Logos.

Neil McGovern, Branden Robinson and Jimmy Kaplowitz are to liaise with Sam
Hocevar to bring this item to a closure at the next board meeting.


### Opensource.org discussion summary

Neil McGovern noted that most board members had not responded to acknowledge
the accuracy of the Opensource.org discussion summary. He will email board
members who have not responded directly.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, May 18, 2007 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

