[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 17th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members absent__

* Luk Claes (luk)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the draft minutes for the October 17th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held
at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-10-17-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
I was reminded earlier today that we've never completed and published our
annual report.  I don't immediately recall whether that stalled waiting for
further treasurer input, or is entirely my fault.  Regardless, I'm hoping to
resolve that before our next meeting.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
We should be caught up to 10/1 on income, but I haven't had time to generate a
report yet.
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
OFTC has held an election.

Peter Palfrader is the new chair of OFTC and they have voted to remain an
associated project of SPI.

Other than that, no specific mail received to secretary@
</pre>

SPI congratulates Peter on his election and am sure SPI will continue to enjoy
working with OFTC.


## Outstanding Minutes


__Current status:__
All outstanding sets of minutes have been completed, and will be presented to
the board for approval at the next meeting.


## Report from Joshua D. Drake

I have been in contact with CentOS and Foresight Linux about possible SPI
inclusion.

Haskell contacted me directly via CosmicRay about the same possibility.

I have it on my TODO to start the financial provider review after PostgreSQL
Conference. The PostgreSQL Conference is already past expectations, so thank
you to SPI from PostgreSQL for helping us with this.

And lastly, I have a meeting with Software Freedom Law Center


## Membership Committee report

We will be moving forward with the membership expiry as per the charter.
Members should expect mail shortly regarding this.


## EU wide Debian trademark

Neil McGovern has had a chat with the DPL about the Europe wide trademark. He
will be approaching an eu based solicitor to help with this.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, November 14th, 2007 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2007-08-06]</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

None

