[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 18th, 2007

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the draft minutes for the June 18th, 2007 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org and in Edinburgh, UK.
[LOG](../../../logs/2007/2007-06-18-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
Nothing to report.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
The treasurer has been travelling for work pretty much non-stop. As a result,
I'm still behind and have not caught up on data entry or tax issues. As such,
I'll like to talk about electing a new treasurer earlier rather than later.
</pre>


## Secretary's Report

<pre>
Nothing to report.
</pre>


## SPI Trademark Report

<pre>
MJ Ray sent a report to the board summarising spi-trademark's activity.  There
was a complaint about hinner.de and it turned out that a word had been omitted
from the Debian web site, thanks to Josip Rodin for fixing it.
There was an enquiry about Drupal's trademark. Last reply was from Greg asking
for documents.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes


__Current status:__

Motion to accept the October 4th, 2005 minutes, moved by Neil McGovern,
seconded by David Graham.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 3.


Motion to accept the October 18th, 2005 minutes, moved by Neil McGovern,
seconded by David Graham.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 3.


Motion to accept the November 15th, 2005 minutes, moved by Neil McGovern,
seconded by David Graham.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 3.

December 2005 minutes are deferred due to some missing resolutions.


## Items up for discussion

### Debian Logo License

Anthony Towns has proposed relicensing both Debian logos to an MIT-style
copyright and enforce the trademark and any enforcement should be aimed at
ensuring the logos remain available for promoting Debian. There was feedback
from Greg about the trademark on the word Debian, so the licence will only
apply to the logo. We're waiting on an ok from the DPL on this issue to move it forward. We should hopefully be able to complete this shortly.


### Opensource.org summary text

Neil McGovern reminded board members who have not yet approved the summary to
review the text.


### OpenVAS

This item is deferred to next meeting to allow the membership to comment.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, July 1st, 2007 at 19:00 UTC in #spi on
irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

None

