16:00 < Hydroxide> *GAVEL*
16:00 < Hydroxide> This meeting of the Board of Directors of Software in the Public Interest, Inc. Is now called to order. Board members, please state your name for the record. Others who wish to be recorded as attending, 
16:00 < Hydroxide> please /msg me your name.
16:00 < cdlu> David Graham (semi-present in the UK)
16:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
16:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
16:00 < slef> stability -> 0 this evening
16:01 < Hydroxide> bdale, Ganneff, luk, zobel, Maulkin: ping
16:01 < Hydroxide> can someone call any of them or linuxpoet?
16:01 < Hydroxide> I don't have the relevant phone numbers
16:01 < Hydroxide> I know zobel was just here
16:01 < schultmc> I can call linuxpoet
16:01 < Hydroxide> schultmc: thans
16:02 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
16:02 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
16:02 < Hydroxide> we need one more, right?
16:03 < Hydroxide> everyone who's waiting, please read the minutes and/or treasurer's report :)
16:03 < zobel> should i give luk a phone call?
16:03 < Hydroxide> zobel: would help, yes
16:03 < schultmc> Hydroxide: left linuxpoet a message
16:03  * Hydroxide just fixed the typo in the balance sheet title line (s/April 30/May 31/)
16:05 < zobel> luk will be with us in 2min
16:05 < Hydroxide> zobel: wonderful, thanks
16:05 < zobel> how much more do we need for quroum?
16:06 < Hydroxide> zobel: just him, I think
16:06 < Hydroxide> yeah, that's the minimum needed
16:06 < luk> hi
16:06 < luk> sorry
16:06 < luk> Luk Claes
16:06 < Hydroxide> great
16:06 < zobel> quorum!
16:06 < Hydroxide> moving on. no president's report today. 
16:06 < Hydroxide> schultmc: treasurer's report. you're up.
16:07 < schultmc> This is a fairly standard report - most of April's donations were deposited in May and are reflected here
16:07 < schultmc> The negative balance for The HeliOS project is due to a quirk in our accounting method - had we used accrual based accounting their balance would not be negative
16:08 < schultmc> </done>
16:08 < zobel> schultmc: do you know how much of debian's Assets are reserved for Debconf?
16:08 < Hydroxide> schultmc: can we either move to a standard cash-basis accounting method without the quirk about deposit timing or else accrual?
16:08 < Hydroxide> (my fault for the quirk being there in the first place)
16:08 < schultmc> Hydroxide: this is standard cash basis 
16:09 < schultmc> the quirk is due to how cash basis works
16:09 < Hydroxide> schultmc: at least according to irs.gov (which might be nonstandard I admit), cash-basis accounting says that you recognize a check when you receive the check, even if you delay depositing it
16:09 < Hydroxide> schultmc: as distinct from accrual, where you recognize it when you earn the check
16:09 < schultmc> Hydroxide: those dates are essentially the same for our purpose (or one day off)
16:09 < Hydroxide> schultmc: it mattered for last month's report
16:10 < schultmc> zobel: roughly, yes - I don't have an exact figure
16:10 < Hydroxide> anyway, if you want to switch to accrual, that would be fine too. it'd just be nice not to have a nonstandard accounting method.
16:10 < schultmc> zobel: roughly USD 36k
16:10 < Hydroxide> (which, again, is my own fault)
16:11 < Hydroxide> any other thoughts or should we move on?
16:11 < zobel> go on.
16:11 < luk> I think both the current cash based accounting
16:11 < luk> as well as the accrual method would be fine
16:11 < luk> s/would be/are/
16:11 < Hydroxide> ok. this doesn't need to take any more of the meeting time. it can be discussed elsewhere.
16:12 < Hydroxide> moving on. my secretary's report is in the agenda. any questions?
16:12 < luk> Maulkin asked to mention the 2 questions from Debian
16:12 < luk> no?
16:12 < Hydroxide> luk: that's unrelated to what the secretary's report is about
16:12 < Hydroxide> luk: it was in relation to a lawyer conversation about another matter
16:12 < Hydroxide> luk: not related to this meeting
16:13 < luk> ah, ok misinterpreted that
16:13 < schultmc> Hydroxide: is Open64 different from codestr0m's project?
16:13 < luk> yes
16:13 < Hydroxide> schultmc: no, but he's involved with two projects. it's different from OSUNIX, which is at an earlier stage in the process of possibly joining
16:13 < codestr0m> schultmc: I'm technically going to apply on behalf of two projects.. open64 and osunix
16:13 < Hydroxide> (pending legal advice)
16:13 < schultmc> ah
16:14  * schultmc was confused since I had only heard OSUNIX mentioned
16:14 < Hydroxide> schultmc: you're not reading your board mail or this IRC channel backlog then :)
16:14 < schultmc> Hydroxide: sure I do - I must have forgotten :)
16:14 < Hydroxide> the Open64 one is the only one that has had an official application started, and the other one is pending legal advice pre-application, hence my choice of which to mention
16:14 < Hydroxide> in the report
16:15 < schultmc> understood
16:15 < Hydroxide> I'll probably email the membership about both projects soon in the interest of not letting the legal advice delay the process for either project more than necessary
16:15 < Hydroxide> though I'll ask the membership to not try to armchair-lawyer the issue we're asking the lawyers about, and to confine their comments to other topics
16:15 < Hydroxide> anyway, ready to move on?
16:16 < luk> which point handles about the upcoming election btw?
16:16 < Hydroxide> luk: ah, good point, it's not in the agenda - we can address it briefly in AOB
16:16 < luk> ok
16:16 < zobel> can we go on with the agenda?
16:16 < Hydroxide> moving on
16:16 < Hydroxide> outstanding minutes. zobel, any movement on the three from neil's term which you agreed to prepare?
16:17 < zobel> no, but i hope to find time during debcamp.
16:17 < Hydroxide> ok. so then by the august meeting?
16:17 < zobel> prod me hard there.
16:17 < Hydroxide> zobel: I will :)
16:17 < Hydroxide> I'll be there
16:17 < Hydroxide> as for my minutes
16:17 < zobel> currently real life is to busy and sucks...
16:18 < Hydroxide> the april one was only amended to say that the seecond vote approved the March 2009 minutes instead of the January 2009 minutes. just the title of the vote changed
16:18 < Hydroxide> I verified that this was correct in the logs. can we have unanimous consent to accept that change?
16:18 < cdlu> sure
16:18 < luk> yes
16:18 < schultmc> yes
16:18 < Ganneff> go
16:18 < Hydroxide> ok
16:19 < Hydroxide> that's effectively a vote there, or very nearly :)
16:19 < Hydroxide> may 20th minutes
16:19 < Hydroxide> ready to approve?
16:19 < Ganneff> go
16:19 < schultmc> yes
16:19 < cdlu> ya
16:19 < Hydroxide> Voting started, 6 people (hydroxide,cdlu,schultmc,luk,zobel,ganneff) allowed to vote on May 20th minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
16:19 < cdlu> they're not too complex :)
16:19 < cdlu> !vote yers
16:19 < luk> !vote yes
16:19 < cdlu> !vote yes
16:19 < Ganneff> !vote yes
16:19 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
16:19 < schultmc> !vote yes
16:19 < Hydroxide> zobel: ping
16:20 < zobel> !vote abstain
16:20 < Hydroxide> Current voting results for "May 20th minutes": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
16:20 < Hydroxide> Voting for "May 20th minutes" closed.
16:20 < Hydroxide> approved
16:20 < Hydroxide> no items in the discussion section.
16:20 < Hydroxide> Any other business... let's start with the elections
16:20 < Hydroxide> schultmc, luk: this is my responsibility, but part of that is checking with membership ctte to make sure the membership rolls are ready for the election. is that the case?
16:21 < schultmc> Hydroxide: yes
16:21 < Hydroxide> schultmc: is the webapp ready enough, or will it be by july 1st?
16:21 < schultmc> Hydroxide: I haven't dealt with the voting app
16:21 < luk> I think everyone hopes Maulkin will take care of it :-)
16:21 < schultmc> I can help look into it but Maulkin or luk may know more about it
16:21 < Hydroxide> schultmc: actually, it just needs to be ready by july 13th since nominations are the only thing before then
16:22 < schultmc> Hydroxide: ping Maulkin - I'll see what I can find out in the meantime though
16:22 < Hydroxide> schultmc: ok, we'll take this offline. I'll send an email announcement about the election within the next few days
16:23 < Hydroxide> any other business before we set next meeting date? (about which we'll need to deviate from the agenda because of the annual meeting)
16:23  * codestr0m wonders if I should speak up
16:23 < Ganneff> codestr0m: usually its limited to board
16:24 < Hydroxide> codestr0m: if you have something to say, go ahead
16:24 < Hydroxide> Ganneff: or at least without requesting it. I interpreted what he said as a request to speak
16:26 < codestr0m> well I won't delay the board so much, but any questions about open64 are welcomed here or offline
16:26 < codestr0m> I hope by next meeting that will be an approved project
16:26 < Hydroxide> anyone have online questions for codestr0m?
16:26 < Hydroxide> or any other business? if not, let's talk about the annual meeting
16:26 < luk> not at this moment
16:27 < Hydroxide> ok. every board member should have his email address in their board inbox from his open64 application email
16:27 < Hydroxide> or talk to him on IRC
16:27 < Hydroxide> moving on
16:27 < Hydroxide> the annual meeting of the membership is july 1st by our bylaws
16:28 < luk> right
16:28 < Hydroxide> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/by-laws
16:28 < zobel> looks okay to my schedule.
16:28 < Hydroxide> oh, wow, it can be modified by up to two weeks if such day be a legal holiday. how did we miss that provision before?
16:28 < cdlu> Hydroxide, I may not be able to make July 1 on account of it being Canada Day 
16:29 < Hydroxide> cdlu: see above. did we conclude that the "legal holiday" provision is restricted to US/NY legal holidays?
16:29  * cdlu has other volunteer responsibilities on our national holiday
16:29 < cdlu> Hydroxide, it's a holiday somewhere pretty much always so I think we should interpret it that way.
16:29 < Ganneff> Hydroxide: unless written exactly like that in bylaws we should interpret it to "any legal holidays of a country with a board member"
16:29 < Ganneff> :)
16:30  * luk agrees with Ganneff
16:30 < cdlu> except that it's a membership meeting not a board meeting
16:30 < Hydroxide> cdlu: it actually says "annual board meeting" in the by-laws, oddly enough
16:30 < cdlu> hydroxide, well then :)
16:30 < Hydroxide> cdlu: they're very badly written :)
16:30 < slef> Ganneff: exploit, scope: co-option :)
16:30 < cdlu> ya, we've been talking about fixing them since before my brother met the girl he just had a kid with...
16:31 < Hydroxide> ok. I move that we set the next board meeting, i.e. the annual board meeting, to occur at 2000 UTC on July 8th
16:31 < Hydroxide> that will avoid conflicts with Canada Day and travel to DebCamp
16:31 < Hydroxide> and be on the same day of the week
16:31 < cdlu> suits me
16:31 < schultmc> fine with me
16:31 < Ganneff> that should work
16:31 < Hydroxide> going.....
16:31 < luk> I might still be abroad
16:32 < Hydroxide> going....
16:32 < luk> or driving home
16:32 < Hydroxide> luk: it's ok, we'll manage, either with you electronically or otherwise
16:32 < Hydroxide> :)
16:32 < zobel> fine with me
16:32 < Hydroxide> *GAVEL*
