15:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
15:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
15:00 < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2009/2009-02-
15:00 < bdale> 11.html
15:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
15:00 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
15:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
15:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
15:00 -!- jello [~joe@dot.nahmias.net] has joined #spi
15:00 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Hydroxide if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of
15:00 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
15:00 < bdale>  this meeting.
15:00 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
15:00 < bdale> I believe we have (tentative) regrets from Neil, Luk, and David?
15:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
15:00 < linuxpoet> Joshua D. Drake
15:00 < bdale> cool, quorum
15:00 < bdale> anyone else here?
15:00 < bdale> I see Neil is here, so who else is missing?
15:00  * Maulkin may need to dissappear quickly.
15:01 < schultmc> Hydroxide: ping
15:01 < bdale> Maulkin: ok, noted
15:01 < bdale> should we proceed?
15:01 < linuxpoet> please
15:01  * Maulkin nods
15:01 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
15:02 < bdale> None.
15:02 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
15:02 < bdale> Michael?
15:02 < schultmc> Treasurer's reports for December 2008 and January 2009 have been released
15:02 < bdale> yep, thanks for that!
15:02 < Ganneff> thats fast. nice.
15:02 < schultmc> we received notice from the IRS that additional information is needed for our 2007 filing - that information has been provided
15:02 < bdale> good
15:02 < schultmc> </done>
15:03 < bdale> what's the next tax related filing on our radar?
15:03 < schultmc> our 2008 filing needs to be addressed sometime this year - we typically have until November 15 to complete the filing
15:04 < zobel> the earlier the better?
15:04 < bdale> ok.  let us know if there's anything you need from the rest of the board on that.
15:04 < schultmc> yes - november 15 includes extensions to the deadline
15:04 < schultmc> bdale: will do
15:04 < bdale> I'm very pleased to see that the monthly reports are in good shape and up to date, and sincerely hope we can keep things that way!
15:04 < linuxpoet> +1
15:04 < zobel> +1
15:05 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
15:05 < bdale> Jimmy?
15:05 < bdale> has Hydroxide appeared?
15:05 < Ganneff> last seen 12 minutes before meeting
15:05 < Ganneff> talking about it, so he was planning to attend.
15:05 < bdale> ok, I know he's very busy at the moment.  let's move on and we can come back if he appears
15:05 < bdale> on the other hand, he's responsible for the next item too?
15:06 < Ganneff> yes
15:06 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
15:06 < Hydroxide> was dealing with something in person
15:06 < linuxpoet> viola
15:06 < bdale> Hydroxide: dude!  sec rpt?
15:06 < Hydroxide> bdale: it's in the agenda
15:07 < bdale> any questions or discussion?
15:07 < Hydroxide> if anyone has questions about that, let me know.
15:07 < bdale> seeing nothing, let's carry on
15:07 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
15:07 < bdale> Jimmy, we have some to vote on today?
15:07 -!- dam [~dam@213.240.249.149] has joined #spi
15:07 < Hydroxide> no, actually. also, I'm not sure if I saved my secretary's report until now, but I just did, so look again
15:08 < luk_> Luk Claes
15:08 < Hydroxide> I worked about 45 hours in the last 5 days at my job and got way too little sleep. the only thing to vote on is the helios resolution
15:08 < bdale> ok
15:08 < Hydroxide> I'm going to have 5 days off from work starting tomorrow and will do serious catch-up on my lagging secretary duties.
15:08 < bdale> I'm glad you included the ISC paperwork in your report, I'd forgotten about that... should have included it in a pres report.
15:09  * Hydroxide nods. no worries.
15:09 < bdale> ok, so we'll hopefully be able to catch up on approving minutes next month?
15:10 < Hydroxide> bdale: I'll have caught up on the December, January, February ones, as well as finishing up the March '08 ones
15:10 < Hydroxide> bdale: the June/July/August '08 ones will be as soon as Martin has time to prepare them
15:10 < bdale> cool, looking forward to clearing as much as we can of the backlog ASAP
15:10 < Hydroxide> yep, me too.
15:10 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
15:10 < bdale> [item 7.1, Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1 - New affiliated project: Helios Initiative]
15:10 < bdale> Josh?
15:10 < linuxpoet> Any questions for me on this?
15:10 < zobel> Hydroxide: will do it next week. have VAC next week.
15:10 < linuxpoet> I posted SLFC's reply, they look good we just have to be careful
15:11 < linuxpoet> I believe this project will be a shot in the advocacy arm for us
15:11 < Hydroxide> yes, the lawyers seemed to think it was fine with various procedural points that don't affect whether we should go ahead
15:11  * Hydroxide is ready to approve
15:11 < linuxpoet> Here is a latest news point from the project: http://linuxlock.blogspot.com/2009/02/helios-project-kicks-it-into-high-gear.html
15:12 < bdale> I'm ready to approve
15:12 < Hydroxide> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,linuxpoet,bdale,luk_,maulkin,zobel,ganneff,schultmc ) allowed to vote on Helios Initiative resolution. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
15:12 < linuxpoet> I'm (obviously) read to approve
15:12 < linuxpoet> !vote yes
15:13 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
15:13 < Ganneff> !vote yes
15:13 < bdale> !vote yes
15:13 < Maulkin> !vote yes
15:13 < zobel> !vote yes
15:13 < schultmc> !vote yes
15:13 < bdale> luk_: ?
15:14 < Hydroxide> going once...
15:14 < Hydroxide> going twice..
15:14 < Hydroxide> Current voting results for "Helios Initiative resolution": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 2 ( schultmc   luk_ )
15:14 < Hydroxide> Voting for "Helios Initiative resolution" closed.
15:14 < luk_> !vote yes
15:14 < zobel> luk is maybe bussy with -release
15:14 < Hydroxide> luk_: I'll note it in the minutes
15:14 < bdale> schultmc voted yes
15:14 < bdale> sounds like it's a unanimous yes, which works for me
15:14 < Hydroxide> Yes: 7, Abstain: 0, Missing; 1
15:14 < Hydroxide> err
15:15 < schultmc> Missing: 0
15:15 < Hydroxide> Yes: 8, Abstain: 0, Missing; 0
15:15 < Hydroxide> ok
15:15 < bdale> thank you.  ;-)
15:15 < Hydroxide> will note in the minutes correctly
15:15 < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
15:15 < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
15:15 < bdale> I have one brief item
15:15 < linuxpoet> I do as well
15:15 < weasel> btw, thanks for handling the ISC thing so fast
15:15 < bdale> I'm currently standing for a board position at the Linux Foundation representing individual affiliates.  If elected, I'd hope to foster better LF / SPI cooperation, no significant other impact here.
15:16 < bdale> linuxpoet: go for it
15:16 < Hydroxide> weasel: sure, you're welcome.
15:16 < linuxpoet> Just wanted to mention that I know I am behind on reviewing the membership app and that I have not forgotten.
15:16 < linuxpoet> That is all.
15:16 < Hydroxide> bdale: great
15:16 < bdale> weasel: yeah, my pleasure.  the ISC folks are good people, glad to see them explicitly supporting Debian in this way!
15:16 < weasel> indeed
15:16 < bdale> linuxpoet: ok, thanks for the mention
15:16 < bdale> anything else?
15:17 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
15:17 < bdale> I believe our default would be Wednesday, March 18th, 2009, 20:00 UTC.
15:17 < bdale> That looks ok to me.  Anyone have strong objections?
15:17 < linuxpoet> works for ,e
15:17 < linuxpoet> err me
15:17 < Hydroxide> wait
15:17 < Hydroxide> is that pre-DST-changeover in the US or post-it?
15:17 < bdale> heck if I know
15:17 < linuxpoet> let me check
15:17 < Maulkin> Fine for me.
15:17 < Hydroxide> it's post-US-changeover, pre-EU-changeover
15:18 < bdale> icky
15:18 < Hydroxide> yes. thank you, Energy Policy Act of 2005
15:18 < linuxpoet> march 8th
15:18 < bdale> does that mean you want to change the time, or just note this?
15:18 < linuxpoet> I say we leave it... 12:00 PST/PDT :)
15:18 < bdale> that would work fine for me
15:18 < luk_> what UTC would that be?
15:18 -!- jello [~joe@dot.nahmias.net] has quit [Quit: leaving]
15:18 < Hydroxide> wait, if we preserve US local time, then we change EU local time. can we stick to discussing UTC?
15:19 < bdale> luk_: the proposal is to leave it 20:00
15:19 < schultmc> 1900 UTC is noon PDT
15:19 -!- glp [~glp@2303ds1-fm.0.fullrate.dk] has quit [Quit: <layer 8>]
15:19 < zobel> 20:00 UTC would be great.
15:19 < luk_> fine by me too
15:19 < bdale> let's stick with 20:00 UTC for next month, discuss then if we should change after that?
15:19 < Hydroxide> in the past for DST changeover we have adjusted the UTC time by an hour, but I don't know how we handled the case in between US and EU changeovers
15:19 < weasel> (this mess turns up every time you discuss times.  why not stick to UTC for all discussions and announcements)
15:20 < linuxpoet> because us americans have no idea what utc is :P
15:20 < bdale> agreed that all official announcements should be in UTC
15:20 < zobel> yes, please. earlier than 20:00 UTC might make it hard for me.
15:20 < Hydroxide> weasel: we do, mostly. we have to discuss local time when dealing with locale-specific DST issues.
15:20 < bdale> speak for yourself!  ;-)
15:20 < Ganneff> linuxpoet: then you should learn
15:20 < linuxpoet> Ganneff: that is an argument for another time :) 
15:20 < bdale> ok, it's 20:00 UTC on the 18th of March for our next meeting.
15:20 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
15:20 < bdale> *GAVEL*
