[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 12th, 2014

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles) (Secretary)
* Clint Adams (Clint)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Ben Longbons (o11c)
* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the June 12th, 2014 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2014/2014-06-12-log.txt).

## President's Report

Bdale welcomed Martin Michlmayr to the board.

## Treasurer's report

Michael had had various work emergencies leading to a delay in the
completion of the outstanding treasurer's reports. He hoped to have them
available within the next few days. He also reported that he'd met with
the bookkeeper and was making progress on resolving the issues with
them.

## Secretary's report

Jonathan had nothing of note to report.

## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 8th May 2014 board meeting:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Clint Adams</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1: Chakra as Associated Project

This was well covered on various SPI lists as well as previous board
meetings.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Clint Adams</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 missing.

totte was on channel and accepted SPI's invitation on behalf of the
Chakra project.


## Any other business

Jonathan mentioned that the annual board elections were coming up. There
are 3 seats open - Clint, Solver and tbm. He said he'd send a heads up
to the -announce and -general lists to remind people they were on their
way and to start considering if they want to run.

The annual report was mentioned in terms of having it prepared in time
for the AGM; Jonathan said he'd get a skeleton sorted out based on the
2012 report but that the president and treasurer would need to provide
sections.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, July 10th, 2014 at 20:00
UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org. This will serve as the Annual General
Meeting.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2011</td><td>Clint Adams</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2011</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>N/A</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1: Chakra as Associated Project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Chakra is a community based Linux distribution intended to provide a
full operating system primarily for desktop users and is a substantial and
significant Free Software project.  Chakra fosters, promotes and increases
access to software systems available to the general public and supports,
encourages and promotes the creation and development of software available
to the general public.

2. The Chakra developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including legal assistance, holding property and taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Chakra is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. H W Tovetjaern is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
and SPI liaison for Chakra.  In the event that H W Tovetjaern is
uncontactable, Neophytos Kolokotronis will take over as SPI liaison.
Future liaisons will be appointed in turn by the sitting project liaison,
or by a simple majority of existing Chakra developers.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

