[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 13th, 2014

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Robert Brockway (Solver)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the November 13th, 2014 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2014/2014-11-13-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee congratulated SFLC for passing their 10th anniversary.  Bdale
attended SFLC's tenth anniversary conference at Columbia Law School on 31
October and it was good to see several SPI contributing members there.

Bdale has also been working with Keith Packard on an association resolution
for X.Org that he hopes will be on next month's agenda.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss corrected the September report and added the October
report to the agenda.  He also opened new bank accounts for PayPal.
Michael will work with Brian Gupta on enabling PayPal for Debian.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr stated he had not received any new resolutions for
consideration.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 9th October 2014:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Joshua D. Drake spoke at BLUG (Bellingham Linux User Group) recently, the
user group that puts on Linux Fest NW, which is a reasonably large regional
conference.  He was surprised that they were not aware of SPI, which
prompted him to wonder whether SPI should make a concerted advocacy effort.
Bdale observed that we hold a BOF session at DebConf every year and that he
had represented SPI on a panel at SFLC's tenth anniversary conference
recently.  Michael Schultheiss mentioned SPI at Ohio LinuxFest last month.
Jonathan McDowell thought that there's no need for a special membership
drive, but that it's a good idea for people to be aware of our existence.
The board agreed to continue this conversation via email.

The conversation promoted questions about the design of the SPI web site
and whether a professional designer should be hired to work on a refresh.
Jonathan McDowell mentioned that there's a standing offer from Valessio
Brito regarding web design and promised to follow up with him.

Martin Zobel-Helas reported that he had been in contact with Richard
Hartmann from Debian about the registration of "DebConf" as a
trademark and that Richard was already in contact with the SFLC.

Martin Michlmayr asked about the status of contacting inactive SPI members.
Jonathan McDowell explained that the capability to express their activity
has to be created on the SPI member site.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, December 11th, 2014 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

