[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 9th, 2014

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Brian Gupta (bgupta)
* Bradley M. Kuhn (bkuhn)


These are the minutes for the October 9th, 2014 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2014/2014-10-09-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee reported two personal news items, which together have consumed
most of his attention in recent weeks.  The first is that after 15+ months,
his new house built to replace the one lost in the Black Forest Fire of
2013 is done.  The second is that he has been lured out of early
retirement, and he is now an HP Fellow in the Office of the CTO, focusing
on open source strategy.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss reported that the three past treasurer reports have
been reissued and the three remaining reports needed to catch us up have
all been submitted.  The three reports have been reissued in order to fix
arithmetic errors and to correct some travel expenses which were accidentally
assigned to the wrong project.

Michael met with Bradley M. Kuhn at FOSSETCON who offered his help to move
SPI over to the accounting system that Software Freedom Conservancy is
using based on ledger-cli.  Michael believes that this system will make it
easier to manage SPI's finances.

There are no outstanding tax filings or other filings due until 2015.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr stated he had not received any new resolutions for
consideration.  Martin updated the trademark page to add the Drizzle
trademark.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 11th September 2014:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Robert Brockway noted that there had been extensive discussions on SPI
allowing payments via PayPal directly.  Several board members observed that
we would need a separate bank account for PayPal and someone pointed out
that opening a bank account for this purpose was approved in resolution
[2013-12-12.mcs.1](/corporate/resolutions/2013/2013-12-12.mcs.1).  SPI
treasurer Michael Schultheiss agreed to open an account soon.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, November 13th, 2014 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

