__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Ben Longbons (o11c)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)


These are the minutes for the September 11th, 2014 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2014/2014-09-11-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee was not present, so there is no report from the President.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss was not present, so there is no report from the
Treasurer.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr stated that the web site and by-laws had been updated to
reflect the current directors and officers.  Martin Zobel-Helas kindly
prepared minutes for the August meeting.  Martin Michlmayr found a minor
inaccuracy in the July minutes which he proposed to fix without
re-approval from the board; there were no objections.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 14th August 2014:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Jonathan McDowell mentioned that he had fixed the members website back at
the start of August such that the repository in version control matches the
code running on the server.

Robert Brockway asked whether he could proceed with the suggestion he made
on the SPI mailing list a few weeks ago that SPI join the Nonprofit
Coordinating Committee of New York (NPCC).  According to Brockway, they
would be a useful source of information on running a 501(c)(3) non-profit
organization in the state of New York and they offer affordable options for
D&amp;O insurance.  Jonathan McDowell would like a better understanding of
the annual dues that we would be committing to, and Joerg Jaspert said that
we needed a resolution to vote on.

Martin Zobel-Helas noted that one project, Sonar GNU/Linux, has requested
to join SPI but there are some open questions regarding the structure of
the project.  We are currently waiting to hear from them.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, October 9th, 2014 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
