[[!meta title="Resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.1: GeekBeacon as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.1: GeekBeacon as an Associated Project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of June 22, 2021.

WHEREAS

1. GeekBeacon is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
GeekBeacon is a collective built on the principles of Open Source,
Social Good, and education. Its mission is to provide a platform and
resource center for collaboration and mentorship using FOSS tools and
ideology to help make the world a better place.

2. The GeekBeacon developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including accepting donations and holding funds. They are also
interested in SPI holding trademarks on behalf of GeekBeacon.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. GeekBeacon is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Nicole Allen and Samir Faci are recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision makers and SPI liaison for GeekBeacon.
Successors will be appointed as Nicole Allen or Samir Faci with the
remaining principle to delegate a replacement should the unanticipated
need occur. If neither are available within 14 days of attempts to
contact, the succession plan is to reach out to Toby Horn - GeekBeacon
community manager.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for GeekBeacon is missing in action,
and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the
associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.

