[[!meta title="Resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.4: Adélie Linux as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.4: Adélie Linux as an Associated Project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of June 22, 2021.

WHEREAS

1. Adélie Linux is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
Adélie Linux aims to deliver a rock-solid Linux desktop experience to
users who do not have access to hardware which is both low-cost and
secure. They currently support open architectures (POWER) and are
working on RISC-V and, soon, SPARC.

2. The Adélie Linux developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including accepting donations and holding funds. They are also
interested in SPI holding trademarks on behalf of Adélie Linux.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Adélie Linux is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Zach van Rijn is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for Adélie Linux.  Successors will be appointed by
a blind vote of the Adélie Linux core team. Should there be a lack of
agreement on a successor due to a tie, the current liaison will cast a
vote to break the tie. Should the current liaison be unreachable to
break the tie, the SPI board or a representative will break the tie in
any manner they choose.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for Adélie Linux is missing in action,
and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the
associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.

