[[!meta title="Resolution 2021-03-08.xxx.1: PMIx as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2021-03-08.xxx.1: PMIx as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [March 8, 2021](/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-03-08/).

WHEREAS

1. PMIx is the Reference Implementation of the Process Management Interface
Exascale (PMIx) standard.

2. The PMIx Standard Community Project is governed by the PMIx Administrative
Steering Committee (ASC). The ASC is a formal body that manages the PMIx
Standard, PMIx Governance, and associated documents. The PMIx Standard document
defines an API that provides libraries, tools, and resource managers with
portable and well-defined access to commonly needed services in
high-performance distributed and parallel computing systems. The standard
is available at <https://github.com/pmix/pmix-standard>. The PMIx Standard
Community, represented by the ASC, is an international body with member
organizations spanning industry, government, and academia.

3. The PMIx developers would like SPI's support and assistance around accepting
donations and holding funds, for example, GSoC payments and travel
reimbursements. They may be interested in SPI holding trademarks on behalf of
the PMIx project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. PMIx is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according to the
SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

2. Kathryn Mohror and Joshua Hursey (Co-chairs of the PMIx ASC) are recognised by
SPI as the authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for PMIx. Successors
will be appointed by the outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison is
unavailable or refuses to appoint a successor, by voting/consensus.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for PMIx is missing in action, and no new SPI
liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the associated project is deemed
defunct.

4. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith discretion,
proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more other SPI associated
projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept the project's assets and use
them for a similar purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified
destination or destinations as feasible.  Assets for which no such transfer can
be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI general fund.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a majority vote of the
PMIx project as per the process above.
