2025-12-08 20:00:06	schultmc	[item 1, Opening]
2025-12-08 20:00:06	schultmc	Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
2025-12-08 20:00:06	schultmc	is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
2025-12-08 20:00:08	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2025/2025-12-08/
2025-12-08 20:00:10	schultmc	[item 2, Roll Call]
2025-12-08 20:00:13	schultmc	Directors, please state your name
2025-12-08 20:00:14	milan	Milan Kupcevic
2025-12-08 20:00:15	schultmc	Guests, please /msg your names to fungi if you wish your attendance to be
2025-12-08 20:00:18	jconway	Joe Conway
2025-12-08 20:00:18	schultmc	recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
2025-12-08 20:00:20	schultmc	.
2025-12-08 20:00:21	fungi	Jeremy Stanley
2025-12-08 20:00:21	mappx	Katie McMillan
2025-12-08 20:00:23	schultmc	fungi, do we have any regrets?
2025-12-08 20:00:25	schultmc	Michael Schultheiss
2025-12-08 20:00:26	<--	borden_ (~borden@99.209.53.2) has quit
2025-12-08 20:00:27	fsf	forrest fleming
2025-12-08 20:00:43	fungi	yes, i erceived regrets from borden and fsf, though they may be partially present
2025-12-08 20:00:48	fungi	received
2025-12-08 20:01:00	-->	borden_ (~borden@99.209.53.2) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:01:11	schultmc	That's quorum - others may join if they're available
2025-12-08 20:01:18	borden_	Borden Rhodes
2025-12-08 20:01:21	schultmc	[item 3, President's Report]
2025-12-08 20:01:21	schultmc	Martin, HÃ©ctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2024
2025-12-08 20:01:21	schultmc	financial statements audited. We are also worked with the auditing firm
2025-12-08 20:01:21	schultmc	on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We received
2025-12-08 20:01:21	schultmc	a 6 month extension for the time to file and the filings were
2025-12-08 20:01:23	schultmc	completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline. The audit report and filings
2025-12-08 20:01:26	-->	Amy_ (~oftc-webi@pool-108-45-90-188.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:01:26	schultmc	will be published on the Treasurer page on our website shortly.
2025-12-08 20:01:28	schultmc	</done>
2025-12-08 20:01:31	schultmc	.
2025-12-08 20:01:33	schultmc	Jesusalva[m]: Anything to add?
2025-12-08 20:03:02	-->	borden__ (~borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4ff:8d8:57c1:30a2) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:03:10	Jesusalva[m]	Jonatas L Nogueira
2025-12-08 20:03:18	Jesusalva[m]	Nothing to add, sorry
2025-12-08 20:03:26	schultmc	[item 4, Treasurer's Report]
2025-12-08 20:03:26	schultmc	zumbi is unavailable.
2025-12-08 20:03:26	schultmc	.
2025-12-08 20:03:26	schultmc	The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
2025-12-08 20:03:26	schultmc	there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
2025-12-08 20:03:28	schultmc	treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
2025-12-08 20:03:33	-->	jericson_ (~oftc-webi@2607:fb91:434:493:450e:d5a8:fe3e:1adc) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:03:34	schultmc	[item 5, Secretary's report]
2025-12-08 20:03:36	schultmc	fungi?
2025-12-08 20:03:40	fungi	This is a final reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of interest forms and send them to the secretary address before the end of the year, please. In reviewing the secretary inbox I see that we're still missing them for fsf, jconway, milan, and zumbi (I'm also working with mappx to redo hers with the expected Conflict Disclosure Form).
2025-12-08 20:03:40	fungi	EOF
2025-12-08 20:04:04	mappx	Thanks for your help btw
2025-12-08 20:04:16	fungi	you're welcome
2025-12-08 20:04:46	jconway	is there an SOP to create this form? I seem to recall it took some esoteric process to create
2025-12-08 20:05:07	jconway	(and why do we need to redo it annually?)
2025-12-08 20:05:19	Jesusalva[m]	Because N-PCL says so
2025-12-08 20:05:30	Jesusalva[m]	(New York Laws)
2025-12-08 20:05:55	Jesusalva[m]	But I think there's a SOP in the repository
2025-12-08 20:05:57	fungi	there's a text-based exhibit at the end of the conflict disclosure policy inside the board-private repo on gitlab, copy that into e-mail and fill out the blanks, then send the result to the secretary inbox
2025-12-08 20:06:32	fsf	and pgp sign?
2025-12-08 20:06:48	fungi	there's a readme in the same folder explaining how to sign the form with an openpgp key, but i doubt that's strictly required and a lot of folks don't seem to bother
2025-12-08 20:06:57	<--	Amy_ (~oftc-webi@pool-108-45-90-188.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has quit (Quit: Page closed)
2025-12-08 20:07:26	schultmc	[item 6, Outstanding minutes]
2025-12-08 20:07:26	schultmc	The minutes for 2025-11-10 are outstanding. They may be
2025-12-08 20:07:26	schultmc	reviewed at:
2025-12-08 20:07:28	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-11-10/
2025-12-08 20:09:20	fungi	shall i call for a vote or are there any concerns/objections?
2025-12-08 20:09:32	schultmc	no concerns here
2025-12-08 20:09:52	fungi	looks like we potentially have everyone except zumbi, so 8 directors this time
2025-12-08 20:10:00	fungi	Voting started, 8 people (borden_,fsf,fungi,jconway,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 10 November 2025. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-12-08 20:10:04	fungi	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:10:04	milan	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:10:05	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:10:07	jconway	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:10:09	mappx	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:10:09	borden__	!yes
2025-12-08 20:10:22	<--	borden_ (~borden@99.209.53.2) has quit (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
2025-12-08 20:10:45	fungi	fsf? Jesusalva[m]?
2025-12-08 20:11:00	borden__	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:11:17	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:11:18	-->	fsf_ (~fsf@76.168.180.111) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:11:57	fsf_	apologies
2025-12-08 20:11:59	Jesusalva[m]	Sorry, multitasking + reading the minutes =/
2025-12-08 20:12:52	fungi	fsf_: voting or abstaining on accepting https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-11-10/ ?
2025-12-08 20:12:54	fsf_	!vote abstain
2025-12-08 20:13:02	<--	fsf (~fsf@00029520.user.oftc.net) has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
2025-12-08 20:13:05	fungi	Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 10 November 2025": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 20:13:13	fungi	Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 10 November 2025" closed.
2025-12-08 20:13:22	schultmc	[item 7, Items up for discussion]
2025-12-08 20:13:23	schultmc	[item 7.1, Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework]
2025-12-08 20:13:28	schultmc	Jesusalva[m]: ?
2025-12-08 20:14:50	Jesusalva[m]	We were advised against making contractor rules a board resolution, but our bylaws are defased and do not have the concept of policied
2025-12-08 20:14:56	Jesusalva[m]	* policies
2025-12-08 20:15:32	Jesusalva[m]	This resolution adds some minimal groundwork for policies, in an effort to keep SPI more modern and transparent, while respecting our bylaws constraints
2025-12-08 20:16:01	Jesusalva[m]	Ideally, a new Bylaws should be issued and this concept incorporated on it, but on the meanwhile this will have to do.
2025-12-08 20:16:51	Jesusalva[m]	A policy is essentially a document on how an officer, officers or committee acts, so it's more transparent, but retaining flexibility in changes
2025-12-08 20:18:02	Jesusalva[m]	Let me know if there are questions or concerns. </done>
2025-12-08 20:18:36	borden__	sorry, I missed a bit of the thread. Can you remind me what the objection was to making this a board resolution and who made it?
2025-12-08 20:18:43	borden__	*who objected
2025-12-08 20:19:15	Jesusalva[m]	Legal counsel objected
2025-12-08 20:19:33	fungi	counsel suggested that officers should be able to make contractor hiring decisions without having to block on board votes
2025-12-08 20:20:27	fungi	so an upcoming topic on the agenda adds a policy about that, but this resolution is about setting the ground rules for adding policies
2025-12-08 20:20:58	borden__	As I suspected. Thank you for confirming.
2025-12-08 20:21:26	Jesusalva[m]	Yes. This also adds some formality, transparency and predictability on some decisions officers take ex officio
2025-12-08 20:23:32	Jesusalva[m]	(I have nothing else to comment; as we gain experience I expect these ground rules to evolve alongside the policies themselves)
2025-12-08 20:25:01	fungi	is everyone still reviewing the copy from their inbox, and are there objections or are we ready to call a vote? worth noting the next 4 agenda items are policies that use this framework and would need to be voted on to adopt
2025-12-08 20:26:09	schultmc	I've reviewed the resolution and am ready to vote.
2025-12-08 20:26:14	borden__	I don't see a problem with codifying the process at the board level. Yes, it somewhat restricts the officers, but there's so much overlap between the two the distinction seems somewhat arbitrary
2025-12-08 20:26:22	schultmc	For future votes it may be helpful to have the item linked from the agenda
2025-12-08 20:26:55	borden__	I'm ready to vote
2025-12-08 20:26:56	fungi	in the past, resolutions weren't often uploaded to the website before the meeting, but i can try to do that in the future if it helps
2025-12-08 20:27:48	fungi	borden__: my understanding is that it is actually less restrictive for officers than the current situation, which is why we keep having the board vote on decisions they ought to be able to make directly
2025-12-08 20:28:36	 *	milan is ready to vote
2025-12-08 20:28:40	fungi	Voting started, 8 people (borden__,fsf_,fungi,jconway,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-12-08 20:28:44	fungi	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:28:47	milan	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:28:51	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:28:54	mappx	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:28:54	fsf_	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:28:55	borden__	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:29:04	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:29:06	jconway	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:29:18	fungi	Current voting results for "Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 20:29:31	fungi	Voting for "Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework" closed.
2025-12-08 20:29:57	schultmc	[item 7.2, SPI Privacy Policy]
2025-12-08 20:30:15	fungi	i suggest we table this one to the january meeting or vote asynchronously by e-mail, because the actual policy content only made it to my inbox today
2025-12-08 20:30:42	mappx	I second that
2025-12-08 20:30:56	Jesusalva[m]	I think we sent it months ago, then forgot, then it resurfaced. But I second it nonetheless
2025-12-08 20:31:02	Jesusalva[m]	It's not something to be taken so lightly
2025-12-08 20:31:29	fungi	yeah, i mainly would be abstaining if we voted today because i want to have some time to go over it
2025-12-08 20:31:49	schultmc	[item 7.3, SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy]
2025-12-08 20:31:50	fsf_	same
2025-12-08 20:33:09	Jesusalva[m]	Note this policy will apply to all contractors who get an additive, be it to extend duration or to receive the inflation correction in their rates
2025-12-08 20:33:45	borden__	RE: 7.2: Can someone remind me what compliance we're trying to achieve with the privacy policy? I have some familiarity with Canada's privacy laws, but GPDR is the big one that everyone's trying to appease
2025-12-08 20:37:30	fungi	Jesusalva[m]: on the contractor hiring policy, did you get Perdu's questions in e-mail from november 26? i never saw any responses to those
2025-12-08 20:38:08	Perdu	I think he said he included the suggestions, didn't he?
2025-12-08 20:38:35	fsf_	i must go - apologies. happy holidays!
2025-12-08 20:38:40	Perdu	Yes, in here on dec 3rd
2025-12-08 20:38:57	fungi	ah okay, so not included in the e-mail copies the board received
2025-12-08 20:39:09	fungi	(or that the secretary received)
2025-12-08 20:39:12	<--	fsf_ (~fsf@76.168.180.111) has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
2025-12-08 20:39:22	Perdu	I may be wrong, maybe Jesusalva[m] can confirm first
2025-12-08 20:40:17	Jesusalva[m]	Yes
2025-12-08 20:40:35	Jesusalva[m]	Although I couldn't actually send the written as amended version
2025-12-08 20:40:36	fungi	oh, it was in the separate stf contractor agreements thread?
2025-12-08 20:40:48	Jesusalva[m]	Nor did I change those only questioned
2025-12-08 20:40:56	Jesusalva[m]	Wait, stf is a different can of worms. Two, actually
2025-12-08 20:41:46	fungi	yeah, i'm looking for an updated contractor hiring policy addressing Perdu's questions, and not finding it
2025-12-08 20:42:53	fungi	not in the "Things for the Next Board Meeting" thread anyway, if it's buried in another one then i'd love a pointer
2025-12-08 20:44:32	fungi	so unless i'm overlooking something, it seems like the one secretary and board received is not the final version, in which case we probably ought to table the vote on this for now too?
2025-12-08 20:44:56	Jesusalva[m]	I only did wording changes
2025-12-08 20:45:44	Jesusalva[m]	Those which are actual questions I didn't modify
2025-12-08 20:46:59	Jesusalva[m]	Eg. "could this line be an issue for open source software?"
2025-12-08 20:47:04	Jesusalva[m]	I didn't change it
2025-12-08 20:47:24	fungi	so references to human resources and legal departments, for example, remain in the final version?
2025-12-08 20:47:49	Jesusalva[m]	Yes, right now these tasks are with the VP though
2025-12-08 20:48:07	Jesusalva[m]	But I plan in splitting it a bit
2025-12-08 20:48:28	Jesusalva[m]	So I kept the department wording, so I can start sharing this load with other directors as well
2025-12-08 20:48:47	Jesusalva[m]	(and changing to committee would only make it worse)
2025-12-08 20:49:06	Jesusalva[m]	Only policy-member missing line about technical details and the many typo fixes, iirc, were modified
2025-12-08 20:49:11	fungi	okay, if we were to vote on and approve this today, what's the process for getting it up on the website? should i upload the version we're voting on and then we vote on and amend with the corrections later?
2025-12-08 20:50:18	fungi	or do we vote on the version the board received, and then i wait to upload the corrected version?
2025-12-08 20:50:19	Jesusalva[m]	Should be fine. The correction wouldn't really need a vote either, only a communication to Board and the opportunity to object
2025-12-08 20:51:17	Jesusalva[m]	The idea is that the first version and full rewrites get a fuller appreciation, but changes only give an opportunity for objections then apply without further bureaucracy
2025-12-08 20:52:48	Jesusalva[m]	So it's actually a good test case imo
2025-12-08 20:53:06	Jesusalva[m]	Can you therefore have a vote on the currently sent version?
2025-12-08 20:53:47	Jesusalva[m]	The amendments are minor, so we can do them with the new framework
2025-12-08 20:53:49	-->	Kassia (~oftc-webi@189.6.37.139) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:53:54	fungi	Voting started, 7 people (borden__,fungi,jconway,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Adopting the SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-12-08 20:54:07	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:13	fungi	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:14	borden__	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:14	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:14	milan	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:18	mappx	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:18	jconway	!vote yes
2025-12-08 20:54:32	fungi	Current voting results for "Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 20:54:41	fungi	er, no
2025-12-08 20:55:04	fungi	Current voting results for "Adopting the SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 20:55:17	fungi	Voting for "Adopting the SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy" closed.
2025-12-08 20:56:04	fungi	i'll upload the original version and then we can amend with corrections later
2025-12-08 20:56:23	fungi	that way we'll have revision history in git too
2025-12-08 20:57:27	<--	borden__ (~borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4ff:8d8:57c1:30a2) has quit (Quit: Leaving)
2025-12-08 20:57:50	-->	borden (~borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4ff:8d8:57c1:30a2) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 20:58:21	fungi	with fsf and now borden gone, i think we're still quorate for the remaining votes, though only barely
2025-12-08 20:58:28	borden	I'm back
2025-12-08 20:58:34	borden	Signing in, Borden Rhodes
2025-12-08 20:58:36	fungi	oh, sorry thanks
2025-12-08 20:58:36	jconway	I have 2 minutes then I have to drop
2025-12-08 20:58:58	schultmc	[item 7.4, SPI Membership Policy]
2025-12-08 21:00:07	Jesusalva[m]	Mostly tried to document how fungi and I were accepting requests
2025-12-08 21:00:19	Jesusalva[m]	And formalize other things
2025-12-08 21:00:41	<--	jconway (~jconway@162-239-31-113.lightspeed.dybhfl.sbcglobal.net) has quit (Quit: Leaving)
2025-12-08 21:01:20	-->	fsf (~fsf@00029520.user.oftc.net) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 21:01:35	<--	jericson_ (~oftc-webi@2607:fb91:434:493:450e:d5a8:fe3e:1adc) has left #spi
2025-12-08 21:01:47	borden	Which document is this and when did we get it?
2025-12-08 21:02:11	<--	fsf (~fsf@00029520.user.oftc.net) has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
2025-12-08 21:02:38	fungi	borden: in that same "Things for the Next Board Meeting" message from Jesusalva[m] on 2025-11-23, the attachment called policy-members.mdwn
2025-12-08 21:04:04	fungi	the message contained the framework resolution and 4 policies as attachments, though one of the policies (policy-privacy.mdwn) was truncated and missing its content
2025-12-08 21:07:12	 *	milan is ready to vote
2025-12-08 21:08:01	borden	Thank you. In general, if we're going to have voting and non-voting memberships, the standards for admission into CM should be fair, objective and transparent. The current wording (which I know has been the always existed wording) is too subjective and political.
2025-12-08 21:08:20	Jesusalva[m]	Yes, I tried to make it more clear actually
2025-12-08 21:08:23	borden	... at least for my liking
2025-12-08 21:08:37	Jesusalva[m]	But it depends a lot on subjective assessment
2025-12-08 21:08:47	Jesusalva[m]	Which is why it has a manager and a committee
2025-12-08 21:09:05	fungi	i guess this raises a process question: should we adopt a policy which matches the current practice and guidance, then alter it in-place to make it better? or try to get it right before adopting, leaving effectively the same status quo until then?
2025-12-08 21:09:37	fungi	the end result is the same either way
2025-12-08 21:09:47	Jesusalva[m]	A better question: Who, besides myself, will be part of the committee?
2025-12-08 21:10:11	schultmc	I can help with the committee
2025-12-08 21:10:53	borden	I'm all in favour of a 70% solution now than a 100% solution never. I was just providing my opinion that the criteria should be based on something other than feels. In an ideal world (which this is not), it should be "You've met X of the Y criteria for inclusion, welcome to CM".
2025-12-08 21:10:59	fungi	i regret that i've had less time to help with it since becoming secretary. ideally though this would be something we'd get non-officers and newer board members involved in
2025-12-08 21:11:23	borden	If it's FOT, the committee should only need one person on it.
2025-12-08 21:11:41	Jesusalva[m]	It doesn't require to be a board member, actually
2025-12-08 21:11:47	fungi	true
2025-12-08 21:12:01	fungi	it just ends up falling to us because of a lack of volunteers
2025-12-08 21:12:47	fungi	also at least when i was helping with it, there was quite a bit of work involved in trying to vet the claims made by applicants, matching up the addresses in their applications with evidence they linked, and following up with them to get clarification or address mismatches
2025-12-08 21:12:50	borden	and, not implicating anyone here, if it's largely based on subjective criteria, such a position will most appeal to people with a political axe to grind.
2025-12-08 21:12:58	Jesusalva[m]	Borden, My idea would be, if it's subjective, let a manager (1 person) decide and appeal to all members (3~5 persons ideally) deliberate as collegiate. Except more flexible than that
2025-12-08 21:13:36	Jesusalva[m]	So you can consult others whenever, and distribute the cases among all members
2025-12-08 21:14:51	-->	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:6888:f047:492a:c590) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 21:14:57	<--	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:6888:f047:492a:c590) has quit
2025-12-08 21:15:33	-->	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:6888:f047:492a:c590) has joined #spi
2025-12-08 21:15:51	b_	This is still Borden Rhodes. IRC's being rather disagreeable to me today
2025-12-08 21:16:22	Jesusalva[m]	It's already 18:15 here
2025-12-08 21:16:52	Jesusalva[m]	I suggest we put it to vote as is, then see what the end result is, and if it's not favorable, we chat about how to improve it and resubmit next meeting
2025-12-08 21:17:06	schultmc	+1
2025-12-08 21:17:11	mappx	+1
2025-12-08 21:17:15	milan	+1
2025-12-08 21:17:18	fungi	Voting started, 6 people (borden,fungi,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Adopting the SPI Membership Policy. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-12-08 21:17:23	fungi	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:17:26	milan	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:17:26	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:17:28	mappx	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:17:43	b_	!vote yes (borden)
2025-12-08 21:18:17	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:18:19	fungi	Current voting results for "Adopting the SPI Membership Policy": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 21:18:30	schultmc	[item 7.5, SPI Reimbursement Policy]
2025-12-08 21:18:40	fungi	Voting for "Adopting the SPI Membership Policy" closed.
2025-12-08 21:18:58	Jesusalva[m]	I'll be honest, I had a meeting with Hector about that one.
2025-12-08 21:19:55	--	borden is now known as Guest33162
2025-12-08 21:19:56	--	b_ is now known as borden
2025-12-08 21:20:05	fungi	i take it he gave some unofficial approval of the draft?
2025-12-08 21:21:04	fungi	i'm kind of hesitant to vote on that policy without his buy-in, so knowing that up front will help
2025-12-08 21:21:44	Jesusalva[m]	Yes, or at least I hope so. But schultmc can double check if it reflects current practices
2025-12-08 21:21:45	Jesusalva[m]	Same, fungi
2025-12-08 21:21:51	Jesusalva[m]	He didn't ask for any changes, only mentioned what he plans for RT in the future
2025-12-08 21:22:08	Jesusalva[m]	It should reflect current practices to the best of my knowledge, but I would prefer if Schultheiss could confirm
2025-12-08 21:22:13	<--	Guest33162 (~borden@000327ec.user.oftc.net) has quit (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
2025-12-08 21:23:01	borden	I'm confused, why can't people get their expenses approved before spending them and simply set a policy in line with allowable charitable expenses?
2025-12-08 21:23:49	fungi	to some extent, this policy is preapproval of certain classes of expenses
2025-12-08 21:24:14	Jesusalva[m]	Yes, that's current practice. Although treasury asked to set a deadline to submit these requests
2025-12-08 21:24:22	borden	Like, in a normal contractor relationship, the contractor is responsible for all their expenditures and can only invoice the customer for the agreed rate plus any other clauses
2025-12-08 21:24:25	Jesusalva[m]	Getting a two years old reimbursement request is...
2025-12-08 21:24:27	Jesusalva[m]	...
2025-12-08 21:24:38	borden	expense reimbursement is only relevant in an employment relationship
2025-12-08 21:25:15	schultmc	many of the expenses are volunteers spending on behalf of an associated project
2025-12-08 21:25:16	Jesusalva[m]	That's another issue
2025-12-08 21:25:21	borden	I'm not saying that this policy is bad, it just strikes me as an extra mile of red tape that can be handled more elegantly
2025-12-08 21:25:21	fungi	borden: this is for things like community members attending their community's conference and getting their costs comped by the conference's funds, i believe
2025-12-08 21:25:43	Jesusalva[m]	I don't mind people paying for a project and getting reimbursement as they didn't use an SPI card
2025-12-08 21:25:47	Jesusalva[m]	(we had a long discussion about that)
2025-12-08 21:26:16	Jesusalva[m]	But some people want to sign contracts by themselves and then want us to pay as if we were a party to the contract
2025-12-08 21:26:20	fungi	borden: we're talking about hundreds or thousands of community members and volunteers making small reimbursement requests, less about established contract relationships (which the policy says are excluded and handled separately)
2025-12-08 21:26:33	Jesusalva[m]	fungi, 80% of reimbursement requests are that, indeed
2025-12-08 21:26:47	Jesusalva[m]	Then some equipment reimbursements
2025-12-08 21:26:52	Jesusalva[m]	Anda few troublesome requests
2025-12-08 21:28:11	Jesusalva[m]	And indeed you're right
2025-12-08 21:28:26	Jesusalva[m]	Established contracts are a different policy
2025-12-08 21:28:41	Jesusalva[m]	That's for food expenses, travel, hotel, taxi
2025-12-08 21:28:48	fungi	"This policy is for reimbursement requests only; it does not apply to invoices, contracts, use of corporate debit/credit cards."
2025-12-08 21:29:16	Jesusalva[m]	Occasional expenses which for some odd reason couldn't be invoiced directly to SPI
2025-12-08 21:29:21	Jesusalva[m]	(As an exception)
2025-12-08 21:29:22	borden	I guess that wording is a bit ambiguous, since people would need to submit invoices, contracts, receipts, etc., to get money
2025-12-08 21:30:15	Jesusalva[m]	No contracts
2025-12-08 21:30:16	Jesusalva[m]	Contracts aren't reimbursable
2025-12-08 21:30:32	Jesusalva[m]	Receipts, mostly
2025-12-08 21:32:19	Jesusalva[m]	We can ask zumbi to clarify this later
2025-12-08 21:32:26	Jesusalva[m]	Is this the last agenda item, fungi?
2025-12-08 21:32:42	fungi	other than identifying the january meeting date, afaik
2025-12-08 21:32:54	fungi	i'm okay with voting on this and then working with zumbi to get adjustments made
2025-12-08 21:32:59	schultmc	yes, I don't have anything further other than AOB
2025-12-08 21:33:54	Jesusalva[m]	schultmc, what do you think about the policy? We can hold off on it if you prefer, and you're the most qualified of us to ask for a rescheduling. Problem is that we're often having to amend past year books
2025-12-08 21:34:04	Jesusalva[m]	Due to untimely reimbursement requests
2025-12-08 21:34:37	schultmc	It seems reasonable to me as a policy. Any issues can result in a revision of the policy
2025-12-08 21:35:07	Jesusalva[m]	+1
2025-12-08 21:35:10	fungi	Voting started, 6 people (borden,fungi,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Adopting the SPI Reimbursement Policy. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-12-08 21:35:15	borden	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:15	fungi	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:17	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:20	mappx	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:21	milan	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:25	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-12-08 21:35:27	fungi	Current voting results for "Adopting the SPI Reimbursement Policy": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-12-08 21:35:30	schultmc	[item 8, Any other business]
2025-12-08 21:35:31	schultmc	Anything to discuss?
2025-12-08 21:35:32	fungi	Voting for "Adopting the SPI Reimbursement Policy" closed.
2025-12-08 21:35:42	fungi	i have nothing
2025-12-08 21:35:56	Jesusalva[m]	No, all my aobs became a policy
2025-12-08 21:35:56	milan	none here
2025-12-08 21:36:00	borden	move to adjourn until 12 January @ 20:00 UTC
2025-12-08 21:36:04	schultmc	[item 9, Next board meeting]
2025-12-08 21:36:04	schultmc	The next board meeting is scheduled for: January 12, 2026 at 2000 UTC.
2025-12-08 21:36:05	schultmc	Any objections?
2025-12-08 21:36:16	schultmc	wfm
2025-12-08 21:36:21	milan	wfm too
2025-12-08 21:36:23	fungi	i can make that
2025-12-08 21:36:26	mappx	wfm
