2025-10-13 20:00:17	schultmc	*GAVEL*
2025-10-13 20:00:17	schultmc	[item 1, Opening]
2025-10-13 20:00:17	schultmc	Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
2025-10-13 20:00:17	schultmc	is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
2025-10-13 20:00:17	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2025/2025-10-13/
2025-10-13 20:00:20	schultmc	[item 2, Roll Call]
2025-10-13 20:00:22	schultmc	Directors, please state your name
2025-10-13 20:00:25	schultmc	Guests, please /msg your names to fungi if you wish your attendance to be
2025-10-13 20:00:27	schultmc	recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
2025-10-13 20:00:29	Sophist-UK	Ok. Great. I am really only here to try to understand more about the day to day things - once I have more time I might be able to help out a bit.
2025-10-13 20:00:30	schultmc	.
2025-10-13 20:00:32	fungi	Jeremy Stanley
2025-10-13 20:00:32	schultmc	Michael Schultheiss
2025-10-13 20:00:33	milan	Milan Kupcevic
2025-10-13 20:00:35	borden	Borden Rhodes
2025-10-13 20:00:43	mappx	Katie McMillan
2025-10-13 20:00:52	fsf	Forrest Fleming
2025-10-13 20:01:21	schultmc	That's quorum - we can move on and others can join as they're available.
2025-10-13 20:01:30	Jesusalva[m]	Jonatas L Nogueira 
2025-10-13 20:01:35	schultmc	fungi: do we have any regrets?
2025-10-13 20:01:36	fungi	Joe Conway sent regrets
2025-10-13 20:01:51	schultmc	[item 3, President's Report]
2025-10-13 20:01:51	schultmc	Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
2025-10-13 20:01:51	schultmc	financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
2025-10-13 20:01:51	schultmc	on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
2025-10-13 20:01:51	schultmc	a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
2025-10-13 20:01:54	schultmc	be completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.
2025-10-13 20:01:56	schultmc	</done>
2025-10-13 20:01:59	schultmc	.
2025-10-13 20:02:01	schultmc	Jesusalva[m]: Anything to add?
2025-10-13 20:02:04	schultmc	.
2025-10-13 20:02:38	Jesusalva[m]	l be taking vacations on the second half of October. I will send systemd the countersigned contracts before I leave for vacations; if there's anything else urgent please make sure to bump it, or delegate to another officer or director during my planned absence. Michael and Hector/Jeremy are taking care of talking with Aaron on procedure/about project A and B, respectively.
2025-10-13 20:03:07	Jesusalva[m]	</done>
2025-10-13 20:03:41	-->	Kassia (~oftc-webi@189.6.35.139) has joined #spi
2025-10-13 20:04:00	schultmc	[item 4, Treasurer's Report]
2025-10-13 20:04:00	schultmc	zumbi is unavailable.
2025-10-13 20:04:00	schultmc	.
2025-10-13 20:04:00	schultmc	The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
2025-10-13 20:04:00	schultmc	there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
2025-10-13 20:04:03	schultmc	treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
2025-10-13 20:04:09	schultmc	[item 5, Secretary's report]
2025-10-13 20:04:11	schultmc	fungi?
2025-10-13 20:04:13	fungi	Another gentle reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of interest forms and send them to the secretary address, please. In reviewing that inbox I found only forms for Jonatas, Borden and myself, so am still missing them for the other two thirds of you.
2025-10-13 20:04:13	fungi	I've finally caught up on the prior backlog for publication of provisional board meeting minutes, though the April President's Report remains truncated and the September Treasurer's Report is still pending. Please get those to me when you can and I'll gladly insert them.
2025-10-13 20:04:13	fungi	EOF
2025-10-13 20:05:44	schultmc	[item 6, Outstanding minutes]
2025-10-13 20:05:44	schultmc	The minutes for 2025-08-11 and 2025-09-08 are outstanding. They may be
2025-10-13 20:05:44	schultmc	reviewed at:
2025-10-13 20:05:44	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-08-11/
2025-10-13 20:05:44	schultmc	and
2025-10-13 20:05:46	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-09-08/
2025-10-13 20:06:44	fsf	 /vote_start Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11 August 2025:borden,fsf,fungi,Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc
2025-10-13 20:06:58	fsf	well that was embarrassing. lets try again
2025-10-13 20:07:08	fsf	Voting started, 7 people (borden,fsf,fungi,jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11 August 2025. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-10-13 20:07:10	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:12	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:13	milan	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:14	fsf	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:14	borden	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:15	mappx	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:15	fungi	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:07:23	fsf	Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11 August 2025": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2025-10-13 20:07:26	fsf	Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11 August 2025" closed.
2025-10-13 20:07:42	fsf	Voting started, 7 people (borden,fsf,fungi,jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 8 September 2025. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-10-13 20:07:46	fsf	!vote abstain
2025-10-13 20:07:46	Jesusalva[m]	There's a gap in September mibutes
2025-10-13 20:07:57	borden	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:00	Jesusalva[m]	One voter missing 
2025-10-13 20:08:10	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:12	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:15	mappx	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:18	Jesusalva[m]	But please update to reflect who didn't vote
2025-10-13 20:08:19	milan	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:25	fungi	there was one vote where borden didn't chime in during that meeting
2025-10-13 20:08:34	fungi	i can update it
2025-10-13 20:08:37	fungi	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:08:48	borden	Fair point. I got conflicted out.
2025-10-13 20:08:53	fsf	Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 8 September 2025": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
2025-10-13 20:08:56	fsf	Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 8 September 2025" closed.
2025-10-13 20:09:06	schultmc	[item 7, Items up for discussion]
2025-10-13 20:09:07	Jesusalva[m]	Yeah, log it down 
2025-10-13 20:09:08	schultmc	[item 7.1, Unreachable SPI liaisons]
2025-10-13 20:09:30	Jesusalva[m]	kassia can you explain? Or Perdu. Brb in 2 minutes 
2025-10-13 20:09:37	Perdu	Do I just copy/paste the board email?
2025-10-13 20:09:59	Perdu	Following requests made to projects by Kassia and I earlier this year, it appears several projects have not responded and seem unreachable. Following discussion on https://gitlab.com/spi-inc/board-private/-/issues/64 , here's the final summary of projects that seem unreachable:
2025-10-13 20:10:09	Perdu	- ArduPilot -> eventually reply, according to tbm? Liaison is still a CM, which means they do read SPI email
2025-10-13 20:10:11	Perdu	- GNUstep
2025-10-13 20:10:13	Perdu	- MinGW -> last reply was July 2024, they haven't replied to any request since then
2025-10-13 20:10:15	Perdu	- NTPsec -> may not be interested in SPI anymore because of recent conflict. tbm suggests that someone with good social skills would need to see if they still want to work with us, or discontinue the relationship.
2025-10-13 20:10:17	Perdu	- Rocket -> may not be interested in SPI anymore, tbm said he would reach out (unsure if he has now)
2025-10-13 20:10:19	Perdu	- YafaRay 
2025-10-13 20:10:43	Perdu	It could be a good idea to discuss projects on an individual basis to decide what to do
2025-10-13 20:11:11	Perdu	Wait I think tbm has reached out to Rocket since that email
2025-10-13 20:11:50	Perdu	Yea, he said no reply from Rocket
2025-10-13 20:12:11	borden	"someone with good social skills"? That's an interesting nuance
2025-10-13 20:13:25	Jesusalva[m]	A simple way to exclude certain older directors and officers and myself :p
2025-10-13 20:13:37	Jesusalva[m]	Without accusing anyone 
2025-10-13 20:13:45	fsf	hey i resemble that remark
2025-10-13 20:13:51	Sophist-UK	What's the downside of a project having become unreachable? Is there a charitable status issue with holding on their funds?
2025-10-13 20:14:07	Jesusalva[m]	MinGW case also have a spiritual fork which we didn't try to reach out
2025-10-13 20:14:38	borden	I smell a trap
2025-10-13 20:15:06	Jesusalva[m]	Same. However, our duty is to the public good
2025-10-13 20:16:01	borden	Yes, but *our* duty is to asset stewardship
2025-10-13 20:16:21	Perdu	Is there a process in place for handling of unreachable project? Is there precedent?
2025-10-13 20:16:24	Jesusalva[m]	Yes. If the project developers abandoned the project, we either find someone interested in continuing it or we bury it
2025-10-13 20:16:38	Perdu	Some projects were removed because they were defunct, not sure about active projects
2025-10-13 20:17:11	Jesusalva[m]	Are they active? I didn't check all of them
2025-10-13 20:17:26	schultmc	If a project is active but the liaison is unreachable the project needs to appoint a new liaison in most cases
2025-10-13 20:17:27	Perdu	I did not check that
2025-10-13 20:17:36	borden	I would think that, legally, we would need a point of contact so we know to whom we're writing cheques. We can't just send them in the aether
2025-10-13 20:18:08	Sophist-UK	Seems like projects can be in one of three states:
2025-10-13 20:18:32	Sophist-UK	1. Project appears active and contact is reachable
2025-10-13 20:18:45	Sophist-UK	2. Project appears active and contact is unreachable
2025-10-13 20:19:03	Sophist-UK	3. Project appears inactive and contact is unreachable
2025-10-13 20:19:09	borden	And I would think that the auditors would also get their knickers in a knot if we couldn't say for sure where money was going
2025-10-13 20:19:15	fungi	if they have a remaining balance of funds then deciding how those are dealt with is an additional task
2025-10-13 20:19:26	Sophist-UK	(Assuming that a reachable contact implies an active project.)
2025-10-13 20:19:26	schultmc	Sophist-UK: we appreciate your input but in SPI board meetings, typically only board members or called upon guests speak
2025-10-13 20:19:27	Perdu	I did ping backup liaisons when they were any btw
2025-10-13 20:19:33	Sophist-UK	Ah ok.
2025-10-13 20:19:44	Sophist-UK	SOrry.
2025-10-13 20:20:10	Jesusalva[m]	If a liaison is unreachable, we don't spend any project fund except to maintain previous agreed expenses like paying hosting costs 
2025-10-13 20:20:23	borden	@Sophist-UK no worries. Your participation at these meetings helps ensure that we're doing our job, since directors answer to the membership.
2025-10-13 20:21:32	Perdu	A next step could be for someone (Kassia I guess) to try identifying leading members of these projects and contact them to update liaison
2025-10-13 20:21:48	fungi	that would be appreciated
2025-10-13 20:22:00	Jesusalva[m]	Usually, each project has a resolution defining how next liaison is appointed 
2025-10-13 20:22:23	fungi	yes, that would be the starting point for identifying them
2025-10-13 20:22:27	borden	@Sophist-UK... and our job isn't really to direct the day-to-day management. There are people for that. Our job is to deal with issues at a higher level and leave managers to deal with it, since our job is to supervise them
2025-10-13 20:22:28	Perdu	I'm not sure if tbm has tried reaching out to liaisons only or to people he may know personally
2025-10-13 20:22:55	Kassia	I have tried with some, like mingw, but never get an answer
2025-10-13 20:23:54	Jesusalva[m]	We can either seek out for any active developer and ignore liaison succession rule if they fail, wait the two years and disassociate them, or discuss if there are forks eligible to take over the project 
2025-10-13 20:24:09	fungi	a quick skim of the resolutions list doesn't turn up an invitation for mingw so they may pre-date that practice
2025-10-13 20:24:17	Jesusalva[m]	Or at least have some directive our contractors or individual directors can follow
2025-10-13 20:25:11	Jesusalva[m]	Uh. I hadn't realized that fungi 
2025-10-13 20:25:18	borden	@Jesusalva[m] I would put the onus on the project to comply with our requirements before releasing money. If they don't comply, we turn the cash off
2025-10-13 20:25:23	Jesusalva[m]	Is MinGW even an associated project in good standing?
2025-10-13 20:25:39	fungi	Jesusalva[m]: also possible my skimming missed the resolution for them
2025-10-13 20:25:57	Jesusalva[m]	Borden, most projects don't use money. Check treasury report 
2025-10-13 20:26:29	schultmc	I was surprised to see Yafaray on the list - I thought they went defunct ~2020
2025-10-13 20:26:38	Jesusalva[m]	But yes, disassociation is to stop collecting donations and disposing of assets like trademarks
2025-10-13 20:26:53	schultmc	there's a github repo with activity in 2024 but their website redirects to a URL that 404s
2025-10-13 20:27:29	fungi	the mingw project entry we maintain does list a backup liaison, but i'm assuming backup liaisons were also tried and did not respond
2025-10-13 20:27:36	Jesusalva[m]	schultmc, yeah, I think the dev with activity in 2024 replied to Kassia 
2025-10-13 20:28:13	Kassia	Yes, we didnt get a reply from neither
2025-10-13 20:28:30	Jesusalva[m]	David 
2025-10-13 20:28:45	fsf	I have work meetings starting up in ~2 minutes - will try to multi-task but may be delayed. I probably won't be able to run the voting script.
2025-10-13 20:28:53	Jesusalva[m]	"As far as I know there have not been any project leadership changes. However it is true that the project is not active at the moment. "
2025-10-13 20:29:09	Perdu	fungi: I tried backup liaisons for the email about services at least
2025-10-13 20:29:21	fungi	thanks for confirming Kassia and Perdu
2025-10-13 20:29:31	fungi	fsf: i can run the remaining votes if needed, thanks
2025-10-13 20:29:48	Jesusalva[m]	David from Yafaray said that to Kassia in January 27th, 2025
2025-10-13 20:29:56	fsf	thanks fungi!
2025-10-13 20:30:18	Perdu	Although maybe an email saying "respond or you get dissociated" could trigger more responses that a cryptic email about services that pretty much half of associated projects ignored
2025-10-13 20:30:57	Jesusalva[m]	So? What should be the general plan of action? Specific details the involved officers and directors can decide later.
2025-10-13 20:31:54	Jesusalva[m]	Should we send an email and begin disassociation procedures, or seek for a possible replacement liaison? Or should we just ignore the situation for as long as we can?
2025-10-13 20:31:56	borden	I haven't reviewed the association contracts, but if it doesn't say so, there should be a clause saying that they must arrange to maintain contact with us and, if they don't, we can unilaterally dissociate with them. How often do we renew contracts?
2025-10-13 20:32:18	borden	My vote is against option 3
2025-10-13 20:32:30	Jesusalva[m]	borden, the associated project framework, which the attorney already ruled as invalid, rules the project associations 
2025-10-13 20:32:47	borden	Thanks. I'll put it on my reading list.
2025-10-13 20:32:53	borden	I favour 2 then1.
2025-10-13 20:33:16	fungi	they're just the invitation resolutions, and most recent-ish ones include terms like "If the last known SPI liaison for [project] is unreachable, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the associated project is deemed defunct."
2025-10-13 20:33:46	borden	two years strikes me as a long time
2025-10-13 20:33:54	Jesusalva[m]	Except for OpenSSL, all associations have at least some trouble with missing clauses, no longer valid clauses (overruled or superseded by law/court), etc
2025-10-13 20:34:49	Jesusalva[m]	Why don't we vote if we'll ask to disassociate them this year or not?
2025-10-13 20:35:20	fungi	vote on each project individually or as a batch?
2025-10-13 20:35:34	Jesusalva[m]	Then, if not, we vote to seek out any involved developer with sufficient reputation to find liaison or replace them for purposes of remaining associated 
2025-10-13 20:35:39	Jesusalva[m]	Two votes.
2025-10-13 20:35:47	Jesusalva[m]	As a batch, as a general procedure 
2025-10-13 20:35:52	Perdu	I think the NTPsec case is different and could be separated
2025-10-13 20:36:07	Jesusalva[m]	Same as Rocket
2025-10-13 20:36:26	Perdu	We know they're active and reachable... They're probably mad at SPI because of conflict
2025-10-13 20:36:58	Jesusalva[m]	Alright, so Rocket and NTPsec we seek out for a mediator. Let's vote on the others as a batch. It's getting late 
2025-10-13 20:37:16	Jesusalva[m]	And I don't want to rush the two remaining topics 
2025-10-13 20:37:24	Perdu	ok for me
2025-10-13 20:37:45	fungi	ArduPilot, GNUstep, MinGW, YafaRay?
2025-10-13 20:37:56	fungi	as a batch?
2025-10-13 20:38:08	Jesusalva[m]	ArduPilot isn't the one moving away to their own foundation in Australia?
2025-10-13 20:38:43	Jesusalva[m]	Yeah, ignore ArduPilot, they're already in a peaceful disassociation process due to fiscal sponsor transfer.
2025-10-13 20:38:47	fungi	okay
2025-10-13 20:38:55	Jesusalva[m]	Only Gnustep, Mingw and Yafaray
2025-10-13 20:39:04	fungi	Voting started, 8 people (Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc,fsf,borden,fungi) allowed to vote on Disassociating GNUstep, MinGW, YafaRay. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-10-13 20:39:51	borden	For certainty: "yes" means dissociate and "no" means don't dissociate?
2025-10-13 20:40:13	borden	never mind. I answered my own question
2025-10-13 20:40:16	borden	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:40:17	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:40:19	milan	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:40:24	Jesusalva[m]	Yes means to send an email seeking to disassociate them
2025-10-13 20:40:24	fungi	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:40:35	Jesusalva[m]	At least as I understand it...
2025-10-13 20:40:35	mappx	!vote yes
2025-10-13 20:41:05	Jesusalva[m]	!vote abstain
2025-10-13 20:41:15	fungi	anyone who didn't see it as "send an email seeking to disassociate" want to change their vote?
2025-10-13 20:42:01	Jesusalva[m]	To make clear, we don't disassociate them *now*, we send an email to inform we'll do it next meeting 
2025-10-13 20:42:20	Jesusalva[m]	So they get the opportunity of defending themselves, and we get the opportunity to handle any bureaucracy like donations
2025-10-13 20:42:55	Jesusalva[m]	Then, at next meeting, we vote three resolutions for the three projects 
2025-10-13 20:42:58	borden	sounds sensible
2025-10-13 20:43:15	fungi	okay, everyone except fsf voted, and he is expected absent
2025-10-13 20:43:24	fungi	Current voting results for "Resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( fsf )
2025-10-13 20:43:35	fungi	er, scratch that
2025-10-13 20:43:42	fungi	pasted the wrong vote result
2025-10-13 20:43:58	Perdu	Who sends the emails? Who mediates?
2025-10-13 20:44:08	fungi	Current voting results for "Disassociating GNUstep, MinGW, YafaRay.": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( fsf )
2025-10-13 20:44:19	fungi	that's the correct vote, apologies
2025-10-13 20:44:27	Jesusalva[m]	Kassia is the point of contact between projects and the board, so she should do it
2025-10-13 20:46:18	Jesusalva[m]	For mediation... It's a sensitive topic. Want to try to handle it, borden?
2025-10-13 20:46:43	Jesusalva[m]	It's a good opportunity to find out what SPI did wrong in the past and avoid repeating same mistskes
2025-10-13 20:47:19	borden	I'd rather sit this one out because I'm inexperienced. I'd be going in pretty blindly
2025-10-13 20:47:43	Jesusalva[m]	Exactly why I suggested you, actually.
2025-10-13 20:48:10	Jesusalva[m]	Better than someone like me or fsf whom have history with the project and wouldn't help to mediate a soured relationship.
2025-10-13 20:48:36	fungi	or me who is a former coworker of the liaison
2025-10-13 20:49:10	Jesusalva[m]	Besides, if they ignore a new director trying to figure out what happened and how SPI can help (or fungi if he wants to, but remember it's two projects), then there's not much hope
2025-10-13 20:49:16	borden	E-mail me the relevant materials. I would benefit from some direction on proper protocol and approaches.
2025-10-13 20:49:32	Jesusalva[m]	I will, don't worry
2025-10-13 20:49:53	Jesusalva[m]	So fungi for NTPsec and borden for Rocket?
2025-10-13 20:50:11	fungi	oh, i meant *not* me because of having an existing relationship with them
2025-10-13 20:50:22	fungi	harder to be impartial
2025-10-13 20:50:27	Jesusalva[m]	Alright, so borden for both 
2025-10-13 20:50:42	Jesusalva[m]	Alright. What's next on agenda?
2025-10-13 20:50:53	borden	yay me. Let's hope I don't single-handedly bring down the operation.
2025-10-13 20:51:05	schultmc	[item 7.2, Contractor for mapping out SPI processes and documentation]
2025-10-13 20:51:56	Jesusalva[m]	borden, at current rate they pretty much disassociated from SPI and forgot to tell us, so unless you promise we'll do something illegal, it should be fine 
2025-10-13 20:51:59	Jesusalva[m]	We only received one proposal for that task
2025-10-13 20:52:18	borden	woop
2025-10-13 20:52:36	Jesusalva[m]	I want to know if SPI Board will contract with the party, raise the amount and search someone else, or give up on the project 
2025-10-13 20:52:52	fungi	also at this point step 1 of the proposed work timeline is already at its deadline basically, so would need adjusting
2025-10-13 20:53:02	Jesusalva[m]	Details were discussed on previous meeting, and implementation details were left out to the contractors discreetion
2025-10-13 20:53:29	Jesusalva[m]	fungi, yes, if Board goes ahead I'll update timelines to something reasonable and get it signed and started 
2025-10-13 20:54:12	Jesusalva[m]	Will even make an exception during my vacations, as I'm technically the cause for the delay.
2025-10-13 20:54:52	Jesusalva[m]	(Although I'll still be slow to reply)
2025-10-13 20:55:41	Jesusalva[m]	Anyone wants to comment? Otherwise we can just vote if we accept the proposal submitted, and if not, we can vote if we'll allocate more budget or put the project on hold indefinitely.
2025-10-13 20:55:51	fungi	the proposed contract was for us$2k over 3 months, looks like?
2025-10-13 20:56:09	Jesusalva[m]	Yes 
2025-10-13 20:56:30	Perdu	Where was that published? I don't think I saw that
2025-10-13 20:56:48	Jesusalva[m]	A 50h project, 40 usd/hr
2025-10-13 20:57:01	fungi	with a 3-month timeline to complete
2025-10-13 20:58:09	fungi	i'm slightly worried that the scope of the work outlined in the proposal is far greater than 50 hours, especially for someone who's never seen our existing records (though hopefully they perused some)
2025-10-13 20:58:25	fungi	but it seems like a bargain if it helps close some gaps in our process documentation
2025-10-13 20:58:52	borden	it sounds like it could use a stress test like that before the issues become problems
2025-10-13 20:58:55	Jesusalva[m]	Next time, I'll propose a resolution to streamline how SPI contracts with others, our criteria and what else... Will take a while to do.
2025-10-13 20:59:24	borden	and maybe also build in clearer dissociation policies
2025-10-13 20:59:26	Jesusalva[m]	I'll forget, but if you guys poke me every once in a while I'll get it done
2025-10-13 20:59:43	borden	is it on gitlab?
2025-10-13 20:59:57	Jesusalva[m]	Yeah, I agree Borden. At minimum, I hope to figure out what the gaps are and what we can resolve 
2025-10-13 21:00:16	Jesusalva[m]	And have it in a way we won't forget in a couple months >.<
2025-10-13 21:01:09	Jesusalva[m]	There's no such written policy yet, borden. I would compile our current practices and failures into a document, then submitting to the board.
2025-10-13 21:01:36	Jesusalva[m]	It's already 21:00 so if we could vote I think it would be useful.
2025-10-13 21:01:40	fungi	i can start a vote on whether to accept the proposed contract
2025-10-13 21:01:49	fungi	Voting started, 8 people (Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc,fsf,borden,fungi) allowed to vote on Accept proposal for process mapping/documentation contract. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-10-13 21:02:00	borden	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:02:02	Jesusalva[m]	Please do. Anything we can resolve by email, we should resolve by email.
2025-10-13 21:02:11	fungi	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:02:13	milan	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:02:19	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:02:24	mappx	!vote abstain
2025-10-13 21:02:47	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:03:50	fungi	Current voting results for "Disassociating GNUstep, MinGW, YafaRay.": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( fsf )
2025-10-13 21:03:54	fungi	gah
2025-10-13 21:03:58	fungi	did it again
2025-10-13 21:04:17	fungi	Current voting results for "Accept proposal for process mapping/documentation contract.": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( fsf )
2025-10-13 21:04:23	fungi	that one
2025-10-13 21:04:33	schultmc	[item 7.3, Resolution - Payments clerk]
2025-10-13 21:05:11	fungi	shall i start a vote on this?
2025-10-13 21:05:41	Jesusalva[m]	I can answer questions if anyone has them. But the number of times we've missed NET-30 terms worry me slightly 
2025-10-13 21:05:57	borden	Yikes. That's a control deficiency
2025-10-13 21:06:32	Jesusalva[m]	borden, because making payments is done by a volunteer on their free time, and we have a lot of payments to do
2025-10-13 21:06:40	fungi	not seeing any questions, i'll call a vote
2025-10-13 21:06:41	Jesusalva[m]	At peak times we get two or three volunteers and still get it barely donr
2025-10-13 21:06:42	borden	Although the accountant in me is wondering what the incremental cost would be for a clerk v. what we lose in discounts?
2025-10-13 21:06:45	Jesusalva[m]	Done*
2025-10-13 21:07:04	fungi	Voting started, 7 people (Jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc,fsf,borden,fungi) allowed to vote on Resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2025-10-13 21:07:06	borden	'/pay in penalties
2025-10-13 21:07:22	fungi	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:07:26	borden	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:07:28	milan	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:07:28	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:07:29	Jesusalva[m]	I think what we lose the most is our reputation. But I asked the treasurer to report the planned expending before signing any contract 
2025-10-13 21:07:32	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:07:32	mappx	!vote yes
2025-10-13 21:08:32	fungi	Current voting results for "Resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( fsf )
2025-10-13 21:08:42	schultmc	[item 8, Any other business]
2025-10-13 21:08:42	borden	So effectively this is a vote to authorise the treasurer to find out what the cost of a payments clerk will be and to make a proposal
2025-10-13 21:08:44	schultmc	Anything to discuss?
2025-10-13 21:09:17	schultmc	yes, that's my understanding
2025-10-13 21:09:20	Jesusalva[m]	borden in a sense. Or to find someone willing to not charge too much and which he can trust.
2025-10-13 21:09:37	Jesusalva[m]	Borden can we chat privately once meeting is over?
2025-10-13 21:09:45	borden	sure, I'll stay back
2025-10-13 21:09:48	fungi	schultmc: zumbi: Perdu wanted to point out that that the new reimbursements system is ready for testing again
2025-10-13 21:10:03	fungi	but no need for further discussion
2025-10-13 21:10:16	Jesusalva[m]	Okay. Nothing from me. Help with project association requests is necessary, Kassia cannot submit resolution to the board 
2025-10-13 21:10:34	Jesusalva[m]	And a director - any director - should decide if a project is worth sponsoring 
2025-10-13 21:11:01	fungi	we have a backlog of, like, 6-8 pending followup
2025-10-13 21:11:24	fungi	another just came in over the weekend
2025-10-13 21:11:29	Jesusalva[m]	If no director could be bothered to sponsor, I'll start sending projects a "sorry but you were rejected due to spi not being interested, try again next year" message
2025-10-13 21:11:44	Jesusalva[m]	At their 3rd month anniversary 
2025-10-13 21:12:12	Jesusalva[m]	I assume all directors read the request, Kassia's evaluation, and decided to not sponsor 
2025-10-13 21:12:32	Jesusalva[m]	At which point the Board tacitally rejected it, so... My plan is to formalize it.
2025-10-13 21:12:38	Jesusalva[m]	Better than eternal silence.
2025-10-13 21:12:40	fungi	some have been waiting for 8 months for a decision so far, i think
2025-10-13 21:12:41	borden	Can I have another month to think about this? I'm admittedly way behind on my onboarding materials. I want to see if there's a more civilised way todo this
2025-10-13 21:13:08	borden	If we turn down a project, I think we at least owe them an explanation
2025-10-13 21:13:11	Jesusalva[m]	Of course. I will draft a proper email. Or ask Kássia to.
2025-10-13 21:13:43	Jesusalva[m]	How about next meeting agenda inclusion deadline ?
2025-10-13 21:13:55	Jesusalva[m]	That's November 3rd
2025-10-13 21:14:14	fungi	(for a november 10th meeting)
2025-10-13 21:14:19	Jesusalva[m]	I'll ask Kassia to resend her assessment too
2025-10-13 21:14:23	Jesusalva[m]	Yes, exactly.
2025-10-13 21:15:13	Jesusalva[m]	If a project was assessed and no one step up to sponsor the application and gather details from project, I'll email them a polite rejection letter thanking their application but explaining SPI at the moment doesn't have the interest
2025-10-13 21:15:40	Jesusalva[m]	But that it's a dynamic landscape, and if the project grows they're welcome to resubmit an application 
2025-10-13 21:15:48	borden	It can be a bit of a firehose picking through the correspondence and it's not always clear to me what's being discussed internally v. what I have to act on
2025-10-13 21:16:21	Jesusalva[m]	borden, the issue of everyone being responsible for something means no one truly is.
2025-10-13 21:16:34	Jesusalva[m]	Is there any objection to the plan I stated above?
2025-10-13 21:16:36	borden	yes, I'm familiar with the open source ecosystem ;-)
2025-10-13 21:16:41	fungi	no objection
2025-10-13 21:16:55	borden	nope, that's fine. I hope that by November I'll be able to discuss it more intelligently
2025-10-13 21:17:03	Jesusalva[m]	If not I think we're done with AOB. This is our longest meeting ever already >_>
2025-10-13 21:17:28	Jesusalva[m]	Excluding F2F*
2025-10-13 21:17:46	schultmc	[item 9, Next board meeting]
2025-10-13 21:17:46	schultmc	The next board meeting is scheduled for: November 10, 2025 at 2000 UTC.
2025-10-13 21:17:48	Sophist-UK	Thanks for letting me sit in and allowing me to get a better feel for things.
2025-10-13 21:17:49	schultmc	Any objections?
2025-10-13 21:17:56	fungi	souds good to me, thanks
2025-10-13 21:18:01	schultmc	wfm
2025-10-13 21:18:04	milan	wfm
2025-10-13 21:18:06	mappx	wfm
2025-10-13 21:18:12	schultmc	*GAVEL*
