# Position statement for Robert Brockway

My name is Robert Brockway and I'm seeking re-election to the board of
Software in the Public Interest. I have been a Linux user and FOSS (free
and open source) advocate since 1994 and a contributing member of SPI
since 2004.  I was first elected to the SPI board in 2011.

Professionally I am a system administrator and architect. In the past I
have worked in private enterprise, a financial institution, a university
and I have contracted to state and provincial governments in two
countries. As a result I have had a wide exposure to the different
environments in which FOSS lives today and I have a good understanding
of the different challenges it faces in those environments.

After being elected to the board I identified a number of areas that I
felt could use streamlining.  I progressively worked on these areas
which included extending and re-working documentation on the website and
improving SPI processes with the expectation that SPI would need to cope
with continued growth in the number of associated projects.  I worked
with other board members and SFLC to facilitate the registration and
transfer of trademarks to SPI for various associated projects.  I have
also worked with several projects to draft resolutions for their
admittance to SPI as associated projects.

Going forward I would like to see a review of the SPI by-laws and have
done some work on this already.  I'd also like to see SPI processes and
response times continue to improve.  While we have seen significant
improvements in recent years we still have a long way to go.

I can be found on the OFTC and Freenode IRC networks as Solver.
