[[!meta title="SPI Reimbursement Policy"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI Reimbursement Policy

THE SPI TREASURER RESOLVES THAT

1. A reimbursement is when someone pays for a project or SPI expense with their own
money, and wishes SPI to reimburse them for the expense.

1. All reimbursement requests shall be submitted within 30 (thirty) days after the
payment is made.

1. Exceptions will be considered in a case-by-case basis by the Treasury Team.

1. When an exception is conceded, the reimbursement must be submitted no later than
the 2nd week of November of the year the expense was incurred.

1. Reimbursements aren't possible when the individual is under an US embargo, such
as terrorists or residents of sanctioned countries.

1. SPI does not reimburse expenses made under obligation of a contract from which
SPI is not an explicit party of, as SPI may not assume contracts not signed properly
by an authorized SPI officer.

    1. E.g. If person A signs a contract with a venue for an event, they may not
    submit the venue payment as a reimbursement request, but this don't prevent them
    from invoicing SPI when they were contracted to provide a venue for events.
    1. Smaller amounts which do not require a contract may still be reimbursed.

1. All expenses to be reimbursed should provide a proper invoice or receipt for each
expense incurred, of reasonable amounts and conditions.

1. Per Diem allowances are considered unusual and require prior approval of the
treasurer team to be reimbursed.

1. Expenses for luxury goods (e.g. first class seats) may only be reimbursed to the
cap of a non-luxury good price (e.g. economy class seats).

1. Receipts can be provided in other languages, provided they can be understood.
The Treasurer may request the reimbursee to provide a certified translation when/if
doubt arises.

1. All reimbursement requests require authorization from the liaison of the project
requesting the reimbursement to be done. The liaison shall attest the expense
advanced the project's goals.

1. The SPI Treasurer or designee will also verify if the expense advances the
charitable goals of SPI and any earmark the funds paying for it may have.

1. Reimbursements are typically handled in 30 days from submission of the complete
request. Exceptions may be authorized when necessary.

1. Unusual Expenses which require further diligence and were not communicated
beforehand to the treasurer may be rejected or delayed.

    1. Travel, food, accomodations, etc. are examples of usual expenses.
    1. Hardware, services, rentals, etc. are examples of unusual expenses.
    1. Unusual expenses can be paid if their diligence concludes favorably.

1. SPI provides a small overhead for transaction fees.

1. This policy is for reimbursement requests only; it does not apply to invoices,
contracts, use of corporate debit/credit cards.

1. SPI may reimburse the amount spent with taxes in countries on which SPI tax
exemption does not apply, provided SPI was reasonably expecting said tax to be paid.

