21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-08-16/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
21:00  * lamby -> Chris Lamb
21:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
21:00 < schultmc> tpot, do we have any regrets?
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 < schultmc> yay, quorum!
21:00 < tpot> No regrets.
21:00 < schultmc> milan: please state your name for the record
21:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
21:01 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
21:01 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:01 < schultmc> SPI’s insurance broker has presented SPI a renewal quote for its
21:01 < schultmc> Directors and Officers insurance. The insurance provider is offering the
21:01 < schultmc> renewal for the same price as 2020 - earlier indications were there may
21:01 < schultmc> be significant cost increase due to industry conditions but the price
21:01 < schultmc> increase did not materialize this year.
21:01 < schultmc> .
21:01 < schultmc> Martin Michlmayr has been working with our auditor to get our 2020
21:01 < schultmc> financial statements audited. He is also working with the auditing firm
21:01 < schultmc> on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. SPI has
21:01 < schultmc> received a draft from the auditing firm that is currently under review.
21:01 < schultmc> We have received a 6 month extension for the time to file and are
21:01 < schultmc> confident the filings will be completed by the November 15, 2021
21:02 < schultmc> deadline.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < lamby> thanks
21:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
21:02 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic
21:02 < schultmc> job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> </done>
21:02 < schultmc> Snow-Man: do you have anything to add?
21:02 < Snow-Man> yes
21:02 < Snow-Man> SPI continues to work on modernizing our Information Technology (IT) infrastructure with the help of our contrators.  To that end, we are working to migrate all @spi-inc.org addresses to another email platform, decommisioning those addresses which are no longer needed or in use along the way.  If you are aware of any special arrangements regarding @spi-inc.org addresses and have not already heard
21:02 < Snow-Man> from SPI regarding those addresses, please reach out to myself or the board to discuss.  We are looking to f
21:02 < Snow-Man> inalize the migration soon.
21:02 < Snow-Man> SPI is working to consolidate maintenance of DNS registrations and to get out of the DNS server running business.  To that end,
21:02 < Snow-Man>  SPI, with its contractors, is migrating all domains to Gandi for both registration and DNS server services.  This approach all
21:02 < Snow-Man> ows projects to have access to maintain their DNS records directly with reliable DNS server services while allowing SPI to furt
21:02 < Snow-Man> her reduce the amount of IT infrastructure it is responsible for.  If you have domains registered by SPI or are using SPI's DNS
21:02 < Snow-Man>  servers and have not discussed plans for your domain with SPI, please reach out to myself or the board to discuss.
21:02 < Snow-Man> SPI is currently responsible for a number of domains associated with projects that are no longer active.
21:02 < Snow-Man> BOARD: Should SPI retain these domains and therefore migrate them to Gandi, or allow them to expire?
21:03 < tpot> hmm - interesting question.
21:03 < schultmc> The cost of the registrations is negligible - we'd be bad stewards to let them expire and get possibly picked up by spammers IMHO
21:03 < lamby> I believe we should retain them.
21:03 < jconway> +1 to retain
21:03 < fsf> I, too, believe we should retain them
21:03 < tpot> Was just going to say that - it's super cheap to keep the name going.
21:04 < Snow-Man> ok.
21:04 < Snow-Man> We will retain them until the board decides otherwise.
21:04 < milan> I'm for retaining.
21:04 < Snow-Man> Therefore, we'll migrate them to Gandi along with the rest.
21:04 < fsf> Any individual decision re: retaining may be revisited if the situation allows, but our default stance should be to renew and then take action if that is problematic for some reason
21:04 < fsf> s/allows/requires
21:05 < Snow-Man> sounds good.
21:05 < schultmc> Snow-Man: anything else to add?
21:05 < Snow-Man> That's all I had atm.
21:05 < schultmc> +1
21:05 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:05 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
21:05 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
21:05 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
21:05 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:05 < schultmc> tpot?
21:06 < tpot> Nothing major to report. Website is up to date and I've just sent out renewals for our conflict of interest policies to the directors. Thanks to those who have responded already.
21:06 < tpot> tbm reports that we have a first draft of the 2020 audit.
21:06 < tpot> .
21:06 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:06 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2021-07-12 meeting require approval.
21:06 < schultmc> They can be found at
21:06 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-07-12
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:07 < tpot> Voting started, 6 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,fsf,jconway,milan) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th July 2021. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:07 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:07 < jconway> !vote abstain
21:07 < tpot> !vote yes
21:08 < milan> !vote yes
21:08 < lamby> !vote yes
21:08 < fsf> !vote yes
21:08 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th July 2021": Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( schultmc )
21:08 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th July 2021" closed.
21:08 < tpot> whoops - schultmc?
21:08 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:08 < schultmc> sorry
21:08 < tpot> np
21:08 < tpot> Thanks everyone
21:09 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:09 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Officer elections]
21:10 < tpot> Michael has expressed interest in staying president.
21:10 < tpot> Snow-Man: are you still interested in being vice president?
21:10 < Snow-Man> sure
21:11 < tpot> Alright are there any other members of the board who wish to contest for these positions?
21:11 < lamby> Not here.
21:11 < jconway> Not me
21:11 < fsf> That's a big "absolutely not" from me
21:11 < milan> Not me
21:12 < tpot> I think I speak for everyone else when I say that we appreciated the work that schultmc and Snow-Man have put into their positions this year.
21:13 < jconway> +many
21:13 < lamby> Oh definitely
21:13 < tpot> With that I think that is all that's required for officer elections.
21:13 < tpot> Is there anything else anyone would like to say before we move on>
21:13 < schultmc> tpot: are you remaining secretary?
21:13 < schultmc> we have 4 officers
21:14 < tpot> Ah - OK I thought we were just redoing for the newly elected directors.
21:14 < tpot> I'm willing to keep on as secretary.
21:14 < Snow-Man> no, typically all officer positions are open for consideration each year
21:14 < Snow-Man> +1 for tpot as secretary. :)
21:14 < schultmc> iirc we elect officers annually
21:14 < schultmc> +1
21:15 < jconway> +1
21:15 < milan> +1 for tpot
21:15 < lamby> :)
21:15 < fsf> +1 for all of tpot, schultmc, snow-man
21:15 < tpot> Thanks everyone. I will try to do a better job than last year!
21:15 < tpot> continuous improvement ftw
21:15 < jconway> \o/
21:16 < tpot> schultmc: shall we consider treasurer?
21:16 < lamby> thank you
21:16 < Snow-Man> Is anyone actually interested in being treasurer?
21:16 < schultmc> yes, we should
21:17 < schultmc> due to personal reasons, zobel hasn't been able to actively participate in SPI for quite some time. I'd like to thank him for his many years as assistant treasurer while I was treasurer as well as stepping up as treasurer when I changed roles.
21:18 < schultmc> Due to his likely continued unavailability, it'd be best for SPI if we had a different treasurer going forward
21:18 < Snow-Man> +1
21:19 < schultmc> we do have a treasury team so the treasurer will have assistance from others
21:19 < tpot> can you give an overview of the treasurer duties?
21:20 < schultmc> Treasurer is a signatory on our bank accounts and works with the treasury team to process payment requests via RT
21:20 < schultmc> and tracks incoming payments
21:20 < schultmc> we do have tbm as a contractor who handles our monthly reporting as well as our annual audit
21:21 -!- tomh_ [~tomh@c-73-35-161-107.hsd1.wa.comcast.net] has joined #spi
21:21 < schultmc> some of our banks prefer (require?) .us citizenship but many of the accounts do allow non .us citzens to be signatories
21:21 < tpot> was just going to ask that.
21:21 < schultmc> Snow-Man and I are .us citizens and can serve as signatories regardless
21:22 < tpot> I can probably help out more on the team side
21:25 -!- tomh_ [~tomh@c-73-35-161-107.hsd1.wa.comcast.net] has left #spi []
21:26 < tpot> shall we table this and take up on the mailing list?
21:26 < schultmc> works for me
21:26 < Snow-Man> +1
21:26 < jconway> +1
21:26 < lamby> Sure.
21:26 < schultmc> [item 7.2, GeekBeacon as an SPI associated project]
21:27 < schultmc> GeekBeacon was offered SPI Associated Project status per our vote at our 2021-06-22 meeting.
21:27 < fsf> +1 to tabling, sorry for delay
21:28 < schultmc> I reached out on 2021-07-31 to inquire whether they accept and learned both of the listed project liaisons are mostly unreachable due to extended leaves of absence for personal reasons.
21:28 < schultmc> they're still interested in possibly joining SPI and would like to discuss what that entails once they're available.
21:29 < schultmc> this resolution extends the expiration of the invitation to 2021-11-30
21:29 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Accept resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.1 extending acceptance period for GeekBeacon. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:29 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:29 < jconway> !vote yes
21:29 < tpot> !vote yes
21:30 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:30 < lamby> !vote yes
21:31 < fsf> !vote yes
21:31 < milan> !vote yes
21:31 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.1 extending acceptance period for GeekBeacon": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:31 < tpot> Voting for "Accept resolution 2021-06-22.mcs.1 extending acceptance period for GeekBeacon" closed.
21:31 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:31 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:31 < Snow-Man> Just a reminder that we're moving to gsuite
21:32 < lamby> Nothing here.
21:32 < Snow-Man> all board members need to make sure that they've got their accounts set up and working there
21:32 < lamby> Looking forward to gsuite.
21:32 < schultmc> +1
21:32 < Snow-Man> once we migrate, emails will no longer be forwarded to your other email addresses
21:32 < Snow-Man> and I'd suggst you *not* forward them from your gmail (though you could)
21:32 < tpot> Also update your .git/configs to point at gitlab instead of git.spi-inc.org
21:32 < schultmc> Most of my non-$WORK email is gsuite - looking forward to the migration
21:32 < Snow-Man> remember- the idea is to separate SPI-specific email from personal email
21:32 < Snow-Man> yes, also use gitlab, git.spi-inc.org is no longer active
21:33 < schultmc> Thank you to Snow-Man and Perdu for the gitlab migration - performance and functionality is much improved
21:33 < Snow-Man> great, glad to hear that.
21:33 < Perdu> :)
21:33 < tpot> yes thanks Perdu! Loving the faster speed of the website for one
21:33 < tpot> fantastic to have you on board
21:34 < lamby> :)
21:35 -!- jesusalva is now known as Guest4538
21:35 -!- jesusalva [~androirc@000218ef.user.oftc.net] has joined #spi
21:35 < schultmc> Anything else to discuss?
21:35 < lamby> Nothing here.
21:35 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:35 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: September 13, 2021.
21:35 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:35 < jconway> none here
21:36 < lamby> 13 september works for me and in diary
21:36 -!- tpot changed the topic of #spi to: Next SPI board meeting is on September 13th, 2021, 20:00 UTC on #spi. Agenda: https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-09-13/
21:36 < lamby> thanks
21:36 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
