21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-05-10/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
21:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < schultmc> Stephen Frost sent in regrets
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00  -!- lamby <~lamby@cpc91192-cmbg18-2-0-cust398.5-4.cable.virginm.net> has joined #spi
21:00 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
21:00 < schultmc> tpot, do we have any additional regrets?
21:00 < lamby> o/
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:01 * lamby -> Chris Lamb
21:01 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
21:02 < schultmc> That's quorum - not sure if tpot is unavailable
21:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
21:02 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic
21:02 < schultmc> job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> I am working through the list of items requiring my signature and plan
21:02 < schultmc> on having those documents to the recipients this week.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> The SPI board is meeting three times over the next week in addition
21:02 < schultmc> to this IRC board meeting via video conference in lieu of its
21:02 < schultmc> standard annual in person meeting. Good progress was made in this
21:02 < schultmc> afternoon's meeting.
21:02 < schultmc> </done>
21:04 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:04 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
21:04 < schultmc> .
21:04 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
21:04 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
21:04 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
21:04 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
21:04 < schultmc> .
21:04 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:04 < schultmc> tpot isn't currently here
21:04 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:04 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2021-04-12 and 2021-04-26 require approval.
21:04 < schultmc> .
21:04 < schultmc> They can be found at
21:04 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-04-12/ and
21:05 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-04-26/
21:05 < schultmc> Please take a moment to view and then vote.
21:05 < zumbi> URL fail
21:05 < jconway> yep here too
21:05 < schultmc> yep - they must not be pushed out yet - we can vote on them at the next meeting
21:05 < schultmc> apologies for the confusion
21:06 < lamby> no problem
21:06 < schultmc> although that does save me from hand typing the vote since I don't have the vote script ;)
21:06 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:06 < schultmc> None on agenda
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:06 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:06 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:06 < jconway> nothing here
21:06 < lamby> Not here... :)
21:07 < fsf> I have nothing to add
21:07 < zumbi> Nothing on my side
21:07 < milan> none
21:07 < lamby> Looking forward to continued F2F ticket-oriented action
21:07 < schultmc> None here
21:07 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:07 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: June 14, 2021 at 20:00 UTC
21:07 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:07 < zumbi> None
21:07 < lamby> none
21:07 < jconway> none
21:07 < schultmc> none here
21:07 < milan> none
21:07 < fsf> none here
21:08 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
