21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-10-11/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < tpot_> Tim Potter
21:00 < schultmc> tpot do we have any regrets?
21:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00  * lamby → Chris Lamb
21:00 < tpot_> No regrets have been received
21:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
21:01 < schultmc> fsf: please state your name
21:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
21:02 < zumbi> o/
21:02 < schultmc> zumbi: please state your name
21:02 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
21:02 < schultmc> that's quorum - others may join in later if they're available
21:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 < schultmc> I met with our Auditing firm and SPI's annual audit is nearly ready to be
21:02 < schultmc> finalized. The auditing firm is also working on our New York State and
21:02 < schultmc> Federal annual filings. SPI has received a draft from the auditing firm that
21:02 < schultmc> is currently under review. We have received a 6 month extension for the time
21:02 < schultmc> to file and are confident the filings will be completed by the November 15, 2021
21:02 < schultmc> deadline.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
21:02 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's contractors. Our IT contractor recently switched SPI's primary email to Google Workspace. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:03 < schultmc> </done>
21:03 < schultmc> Any questions?
21:03 < jconway> none here
21:03 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:03 < schultmc> zumbi?
21:04 < zumbi> I need to type it
21:04 < schultmc> ok
21:05 < zumbi> I have had a broken personal computer, keeping me from doing any other work and slowing down ramping up on treasurer duties. However that should be fixed in the upcoming days and looking forward for it. Payments are being processed, there are not red lights at this time.
21:05 < zumbi> .
21:05 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:05 < schultmc> tpot?
21:06 < tpot_> No big updates from me. I am missing a couple of conflict of interest forms which I will chase up via email. Thanks to everyone who has it done already!
21:06 < tpot_> .
21:06 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:06 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2021-09-13 meeting require approval.
21:06 < schultmc> They can be found at
21:06 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-09-13
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:08 < tpot_> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 13th September 2021. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:08 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:08 < jconway> !vote yes
21:08 < zumbi> !vote yes
21:08 < milan> !vote yes
21:08 < tpot_> !vote yes
21:09 < lamby> !vote yes
21:09 < zumbi> I do not think snow-man is here
21:09 < tpot_> yup
21:09 < schultmc> snow-man isn't here and fsf never stated his name so he may be absent as well
21:10 < tpot_> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 13th September 2021": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 3 ( fsf  snow-man  tpot )
21:10 < tpot_> Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 13th September 2021" closed.
21:10 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:10 < schultmc> None on agenda
21:10 < schultmc> .
21:10 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:10 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:10 < tpot_> Looks like a short one this time.
21:10 < milan> None here
21:10 < zumbi> Should we discuss about (v)F2F?
21:11 < lamby> Sure.
21:11 < fsf> Apologies for tardiness - had to step away at an inopportune time
21:11 < tpot_> Happy to organise again - hopefully faster than last time.
21:11 < tpot_> Are we going to rule out travel for the next couple of months?
21:11 < fsf> Forrest Fleming, if that's hepful :)
21:11 < schultmc> we did a vf2f this spring and it was productive. There are certain things a subset of us need to do in person at some point
21:12 < schultmc> at least snow-man, zumbi and I need to meet to update bank signatories sometime
21:12 < zumbi> Maybe those above could meet in US sometime soon, it looks like US plans to resume EU traveling in November
21:13 < zumbi> Or plan for that to happen Q1 2022
21:13 < schultmc> I'll likely be more available in Q1 2022 but depending on the dates I may be available this year as well
21:14 < tpot_> Please have a think and let's continue the discussion. I wasn't able to attend the meetings last time but let me know if the tech was OK. I think we're probably in the minority by using Google Meet vs Zoom.
21:14 < schultmc> the tech was fine. I was able to participate from my daughter's horse therapy in the middle of nowhere :)
21:14 < tpot_> haha
21:14 < zumbi> Right - tech was fine for me
21:15 < jconway> +1 from me too
21:15 < lamby> vF2F works for me. Pretty flexible on that front.
21:15 < lamby> Won't be able to travel for a while.
21:16 < fsf> What we did last time worked well for ne
21:16 < fsf> me*
21:16 -!- tomh_ [~tomh@c-73-35-161-107.hsd1.wa.comcast.net] has joined #spi
21:16 < schultmc> we can follow up on the board list
21:16 < zumbi> OK - as summary, tpot and others look for vF2F; in the meanwhile we look for smaller group to do F2F to update signatories and other stuff that needs to be done phisically.
21:17 < lamby> :-)
21:17 < tpot_> :thumbsup:
21:17 < schultmc> I'll check on where our banks are located - we may be able to meet somewhere like Chicago which would be easier to get to internationally than Indianapolis
21:18 < zumbi> NYC could also be an option
21:18 < schultmc> NYC doesn't have a fifth third bank presence
21:19 < zumbi> OK - then Chicago WFM
21:20 < zumbi> I think we can discuss it offline, no need to hold the meeting.
21:20 -!- jesusalva [~jesusalva@000218ef.user.oftc.net] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]
21:21 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:21 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: November 8, 2021 at 2000 UTC.
21:21 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:21 < schultmc> .
21:21 -!- jesusalva [~jesusalva@000218ef.user.oftc.net] has joined #spi
21:21 < schultmc> I'll be out of town on 2021-11-08. I could do 2021-11-01 or 2021-11-15.
21:21 < jconway> none here
21:21 < lamby> nov 8th works for me
21:21 < lamby> thanks all
21:21 < zumbi> I can do nov 8th && nov 15th, not nov 1st
21:21 < schultmc> I'll follow up with Snow-Man to see if he can lead the meeting on the 8th if we don't reschedule
21:21 -!- tpot_ changed the topic of #spi to: Next SPI board meeting is on November 8th, 2021, 20:00 UTC on #spi. Agenda: https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-11-08/
21:21 < tpot_> Thanks everyone!
21:21 < zumbi> Thanks
21:22 < milan> Thanks
21:22 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
