20:00 < Snow-Man> *GAVEL*
20:00 < Snow-Man> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < Snow-Man> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
20:00 < Snow-Man> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
20:00 < Snow-Man> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-11-08/
20:00 < Snow-Man> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < Snow-Man> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < Snow-Man> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < Snow-Man> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < Snow-Man> tpot: do we have any regrets?
20:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:01 < Snow-Man> Great, we have quorum.
20:01 < tpot> schultmc sends his regrets
20:01 < lamby> Chris Lamb
20:01 < Snow-Man> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < Snow-Man> schultmc isn't here.
20:01 < Snow-Man> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:01 < Snow-Man> zumbi: ?
20:02 < zumbi> Payments are being processed. Still pending to meet with Martin and Michael. No big issues in the past week, but fixed my credentials.
20:03 < Snow-Man> Great, glad to hear that your credentials are working and you're able to get access to what you need/
20:03 < zumbi> US payments are a bit delayed since Michael needs to process them.
20:03 < Snow-Man> If there's anything else I can do to help, let me know please.
20:03 < Snow-Man> Understood, thanks for sharing that.
20:03 < zumbi> .
20:03 < Snow-Man> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:03 < Snow-Man> tpot: ?
20:03 < tpot> I have no updates to share this time.
20:03 < Snow-Man> ok.
20:04 < Snow-Man> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:04 < Snow-Man> Looks like we'll need to wait on those?
20:04 < tpot> Oh there are some from last month.
20:04 < tpot> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-10-11/
20:04 < Snow-Man> ok, great
20:05 < tpot> I will fix the obvious typo in the initial h1.
20:05 < Snow-Man> great
20:05 < Snow-Man> tpot: ready to start the vote whenever you are. :)
20:05 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 11th November 2021. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:05 < jconway> !vote yes
20:05 < tpot> !vote yes
20:05 < fsf> !vote yes
20:05 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:05 < lamby> !vote yes
20:06 < milan> !vote yes
20:06 < Snow-Man> !vote abstain
20:06 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 11th November 2021": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:06 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 11th November 2021": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:06 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 11th November 2021" closed.
20:06 < tpot> Thanks everyone.
20:06 < Snow-Man> awesome, thanks!
20:06 < Snow-Man> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:06 < Snow-Man> Nothing on the agenda.
20:06 < Snow-Man> [item 8, Any other business]
20:07 < Snow-Man> Anything else we need to discuss today?
20:07 < Snow-Man> I do want to share that we're working on migrating our mailing lists over to a new system.
20:07 < lamby> Snow-Man: Ah nice.
20:07 < Snow-Man> There'll be more details about that soon.
20:07 < zumbi> Are there any infrastructure updates worth to comment?
20:07 < lamby> Did we talk about a virtual face-to-face at our last meeting?
20:07 < Snow-Man> We continue to work to get off of the old systems.
20:08 < tpot> We did - I believe there was also talk about an actual face to face for a few bank-related things that require physical presence.
20:08 < Snow-Man> Yeah, I'd like to see some progress on both of those fronts.
20:08 < tpot> ok
20:09 < Snow-Man> Not sure that there's really much to discuss here tho.
20:09 < Snow-Man> tpot: You could work on the vF2F, perhaps?
20:09 < Snow-Man> And we need to talk to Michael wrt when the F2F in Chicago can happen as it requires him.
20:09 < Snow-Man> So that we can do paperwork and such for banks.
20:10 < Snow-Man> Anything else?
20:10 < lamby> Nothing from me.
20:10 < zumbi> Nothing here
20:10 < fsf> Nothing here
20:10 < jconway> nothing here
20:10 < Snow-Man> Great.
20:10 < milan> nothing here
20:10 < Snow-Man> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:10 < Snow-Man> The next board meeting is scheduled for: December 13th, 2021, 20:00 UTC
20:10 < Snow-Man> Any objections?
20:10 < lamby> None here.
20:10 < jconway> none
20:10 < fsf> None here
20:11 < milan> no objections
20:11 < Snow-Man> looks good for me.
20:11 < Snow-Man> As always, please be sure to let tpot know if you're not able to make it.
20:11 < zumbi> Could we consider vF2F the weekend before + Dec 13?
20:12 < Snow-Man> I could do that but would be good for tpot to put a couple suggestions out there, so we can all mark when would work for each of us.
20:12 < zumbi> Sounds sensible, sure
20:12 < tpot> If everyone's happy with the xyondo poll system again I'll get that set up.
20:12 < Snow-Man> tpot: works for me.
20:12 < zumbi> +1
20:12 < jconway> wfm
20:12 < fsf> The week of the 6th is a no-go for me, but the weekEND (11th, 12th) might be do-able. Not on Friday, though
20:12 < fsf> +1 to hashing it out via xyondo though!
20:12 < Snow-Man> good stuff.
20:13 < Snow-Man> *GAVEL*
