2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | *GAVEL*
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | [item 1, Opening]
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-06-22/
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | [item 2, Roll Call]
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | Directors, please state your name
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | .
2021-06-22 16:00:41 <    schultmc> | tpot, do we have any regrets?
2021-06-22 16:00:47 <         fsf> | Forrest Fleming
2021-06-22 16:00:50 <    Snow-Man> | Stephen Frost
2021-06-22 16:00:51 <       lamby> | Chris Lamb
2021-06-22 16:00:53 <    schultmc> | Michael Schultheiss
2021-06-22 16:00:54 <        tpot> | Tim Potter
2021-06-22 16:00:58 <     jconway> | Joe Conway
2021-06-22 16:01:00 <       milan> | Milan Kupcevic
2021-06-22 16:01:12 <        tpot> | No regrets received.
2021-06-22 16:01:32 <    schultmc> | that's quorum - zumbi may join us shortly
2021-06-22 16:01:37 <        tpot> | hooray!
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | [item 3, President's Report]
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | .
2021-06-22 16:01:40 <    schultmc> | The SPI board met three times over the week following the May IRC board meeting via video conference in lieu of its standard annual in person meeting. Good progress on outstanding tasks was made during the meetings.
2021-06-22 16:01:41 <    schultmc> | </done>
2021-06-22 16:02:31 <    schultmc> | any questions?
2021-06-22 16:02:43 <        tpot> | Apologies for not being able to make the meetings - the best time for everyohne else was in th emiddle of the night for me.
2021-06-22 16:03:34 <    schultmc> | Snow-Man: anything to add?
2021-06-22 16:03:37 <       milan> | I was not aware of the meetings.
2021-06-22 16:03:55 <    Snow-Man> | We've made good progress on the RT migration- a test system has been stood up through our agreement with Best Practical and the board and users are actively testing the system to make sure that everything looks good.
2021-06-22 16:04:10 <    Snow-Man> | We anticipate being able to migrate over to it in a couple of weeks.
2021-06-22 16:04:37 <    Snow-Man> | This should significantly reduce the issues which folks have had with the system in the past and ensure it is properly maintained moving forward.
2021-06-22 16:04:57 <    Snow-Man> | We are also in the final stages of getting a new IT contractor set up to work with the other systems we currently run.
2021-06-22 16:05:42 <    schultmc> | excellent - thank you for your continued work on this
2021-06-22 16:05:43 <    Snow-Man> | We've been able to get good guideance from counsel regarding issues such as GDPR- some of that has already been fed back to our contractors who are working to provide information to our projects regarding donations.
2021-06-22 16:06:05 <    Snow-Man> | We hope to be able to un-block some of those requests in relatively short order to allow our projects the insight that they've been after.
2021-06-22 16:06:20 <    Snow-Man> | We are also going to continue to work with counsel to form a good answer to GDPR requirements.
2021-06-22 16:06:31 <    Snow-Man> | We will be sharing that with projects once SPI itself has addressed the big items.
2021-06-22 16:06:33 <    Snow-Man> | .
2021-06-22 16:06:34 <        tpot> | nice!
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | zobel isn't currently here.
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | .
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | help is always welcome.
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | .
2021-06-22 16:06:46 <    schultmc> | [item 5, Secretary's report]
2021-06-22 16:06:47 <    schultmc> | tpot?
2021-06-22 16:07:39 <        tpot> | I'm catching up on various tasks, updating the website etc. I believe there are a few outstanding resolutions to be added.
2021-06-22 16:08:24 <        tpot> | Will be sending out an invitation for people to apply for two board positions as schultmc and Snow-Man's terms are expiring in july.
2021-06-22 16:08:27 <        tpot> | .
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | The minutes for the 2021-04-12, 2021-04-26, 2021-05-10, and 2021-06-14 meetings require approval.
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | They can be found at 
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-04-12
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-04-26
2021-06-22 16:08:32 <    schultmc> | https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-05-10
2021-06-22 16:08:33 <    schultmc> | https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2021/2021-06-14
2021-06-22 16:09:05 <       lamby> | Nice :)
2021-06-22 16:09:06 <        tpot> | No quorum on 04-12 do we still need to vote?
2021-06-22 16:09:36 <    schultmc> | we should probably vote just to acknowledge the lack of quorum on 2021-04-12 and 2021-06-14
2021-06-22 16:09:46 <    schultmc> | unless 2 extra votes is too time consuming
2021-06-22 16:09:47 <    Snow-Man> | +1, let's just get it done. :)
2021-06-22 16:10:03 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 26th April 2021. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:10:11 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:12 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:13 <        tpot> | please take a moment to read the minutes if you havent had a chance already
2021-06-22 16:10:20 <     jconway> | I thought I was present for 4/12
2021-06-22 16:10:27 <       lamby> | !yes
2021-06-22 16:10:28 <    Snow-Man> | !vote !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:29 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:32 <    Snow-Man> | hah
2021-06-22 16:10:34 <    Snow-Man> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:39 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:44 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:10:53 <       milan> | !vote abstain
2021-06-22 16:10:57 <        tpot> | jconway: i'll double-check and update if you were present or not - apologies if I missed you
2021-06-22 16:11:00 <    Snow-Man> | jconway: you were
2021-06-22 16:11:15 <     jconway> | as far as I know I have not missed a meeting :-D
2021-06-22 16:11:22 <        tpot> | heh - nice
2021-06-22 16:11:25 <        tpot> | will update
2021-06-22 16:11:35 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 26th April 2021": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:11:46 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 26th April 2021": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:11:49 <        tpot> | Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 26th April 2021" closed.
2021-06-22 16:11:52 <    schultmc> | I haven't seen zumbi today
2021-06-22 16:12:17 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 10th May 2021. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:12:26 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:12:30 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:12:32 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:12:32 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:12:33 <    Snow-Man> | !vote abstain
2021-06-22 16:12:43 <       milan> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:13:01 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:13:22 <        tpot> | whoops
2021-06-22 16:13:25 <        tpot> | !vote abstain
2021-06-22 16:13:32 <    Snow-Man> | haha
2021-06-22 16:13:35 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 10th May 2021": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:13:40 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 10th May 2021": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:13:43 <        tpot> | Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 10th May 2021" closed.
2021-06-22 16:13:48 <        tpot> | Thanks everyone!
2021-06-22 16:14:10 <    Snow-Man> | ok, how about voting on the resolutions?
2021-06-22 16:14:29 <    schultmc> | we have 2 more minutes iirc
2021-06-22 16:14:44 <    schultmc> | but we can postpone due to limited time
2021-06-22 16:14:49 <         fsf> | and there's one more set of minutes to vote for, right? (since 4/12 needs to be updated to include joe)
2021-06-22 16:15:22 <    Snow-Man> | voting is fine, let's just do it if we're going to, or not and move on to the resolutions..
2021-06-22 16:15:24 <        tpot> | You can vote "as ammended" to avoid having to re-vote for trivial changes acknowledged in the minutes
2021-06-22 16:15:44 <        tpot> | I consider to vote to apply to any on the fly changes mentioned in the meeting.
2021-06-22 16:15:52 <         fsf> | nice, then we can crank 'em both out :D
2021-06-22 16:16:02 <     jconway> | wfm
2021-06-22 16:16:04 <        tpot> | the other two we were not quorate for
2021-06-22 16:16:15 <         fsf> | right - let's formally acknowledge that
2021-06-22 16:16:34 <         fsf> | and then we can move on to resolutions which ought to be quick as well
2021-06-22 16:17:28 <        tpot> | No vote to be taken for 04-12 and 06-14 due to being inquorate.
2021-06-22 16:17:37 <    schultmc> | ok - moving on then
2021-06-22 16:17:38 <        tpot> | Let's move onto the resolutions.
2021-06-22 16:17:43 <    schultmc> | [item 7, Items up for discussion]
2021-06-22 16:17:47 <    Snow-Man> | +1
2021-06-22 16:17:48 <    schultmc> | [item 7.1, GeekBeacon as an SPI associated project.]
2021-06-22 16:18:53 <    schultmc> | tpot?
2021-06-22 16:19:17 <    Snow-Man> | the resolution is up, we discussed w/ counsel, I suggest we vote unless anyone has anything to discuss?
2021-06-22 16:19:29 <         fsf> | +1
2021-06-22 16:19:30 <    schultmc> | nothing to discuss - let's vote
2021-06-22 16:19:33 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on GeekBeacon as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:19:34 <    Snow-Man> | +1
2021-06-22 16:19:37 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:39 <    Snow-Man> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:40 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:41 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:41 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:46 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:19:49 <       milan> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:20:16 <    schultmc> | tpot: that's everyone present
2021-06-22 16:20:20 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "GeekBeacon as an associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:20:23 <        tpot> | Voting for "GeekBeacon as an associated project" closed.
2021-06-22 16:20:32 <    schultmc> | [item 7.2, Removing OpenWrt as an associated project.]
2021-06-22 16:20:50 <    schultmc> | OpenWrt has joined Software Freedom Conservancy - this is to formalize the disassociation
2021-06-22 16:21:16 <    Snow-Man> | sounds good to me.
2021-06-22 16:21:23 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Removing OpenWrt as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:21:27 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:27 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:27 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:29 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:32 <       lamby> | karen: ^^
2021-06-22 16:21:35 <    Snow-Man> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:38 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:43 <       milan> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:21:53 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Removing OpenWrt as an associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:21:56 <        tpot> | Voting for "Removing OpenWrt as an associated project" closed.
2021-06-22 16:22:02 <    schultmc> | [item 7.3, Removing Performance Co-Pilot as an associated project.]
2021-06-22 16:22:19 <    schultmc> | Performance Co-Pilot has joined OpenCollective. This is to formalize the disassociation.
2021-06-22 16:22:28 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Removing Performance Co-Pilot as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:22:31 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:32 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:32 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:33 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:37 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:42 <       milan> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:22:58 <        tpot> | Snow-Man?
2021-06-22 16:23:00 <    Snow-Man> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:23:02 <    Snow-Man> | sorry
2021-06-22 16:23:07 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Removing Performance Co-Pilot as an associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:23:10 <        tpot> | Voting for "Removing Performance Co-Pilot as an associated project" closed.
2021-06-22 16:23:12 <    schultmc> | [item 7.4, Adélie Linux as an Associated Project.]
2021-06-22 16:23:12 <        tpot> | np (:
2021-06-22 16:23:43 <        tpot> | Do we have a representative here?
2021-06-22 16:23:47 <    Thalheim> | o/
2021-06-22 16:24:02 <        tpot> | hello!
2021-06-22 16:24:19 <        tpot> | Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,zumbi,fsf,jconway,milan,lamby) allowed to vote on Adélie Linux as an Associated Project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2021-06-22 16:24:24 <    schultmc> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:24:25 <    Snow-Man> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:24:25 <     jconway> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:24:29 <       milan> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:24:29 <         fsf> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:24:35 <       lamby> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:25:00 <        tpot> | whoops
2021-06-22 16:25:03 <        tpot> | !vote yes
2021-06-22 16:25:05 <        tpot> | Current voting results for "Adélie Linux as an Associated Project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zumbi )
2021-06-22 16:25:09 <        tpot> | Voting for "Adélie Linux as an Associated Project" closed.
2021-06-22 16:25:12 <        tpot> | Congraulations and welcome Thalheim!
2021-06-22 16:25:15 <       lamby> | \o/
2021-06-22 16:25:18 <    Thalheim> | Thank you!
2021-06-22 16:25:39 <        tpot> | I'm impressed the accent aigu worked
2021-06-22 16:25:44 <    Snow-Man> | haha
2021-06-22 16:25:55 <        tpot> | will contact re onboarding
2021-06-22 16:26:00 <    schultmc> | [item 7.5, OpenWrt trademark counsel.]
2021-06-22 16:26:00 <    schultmc> | I believe this has already been handled via e-mail. The board should be aware that
2021-06-22 16:26:00 <    schultmc> | both SPI and Software Freedom Conservancy have agreed to use the same legal counsel
2021-06-22 16:26:01 <    schultmc> | for both sides of the trademark reassignment from SPI to Conservancy.
2021-06-22 16:26:16 <    Snow-Man> | yup
2021-06-22 16:26:20 <     jconway> | +1
2021-06-22 16:26:24 <       lamby> | Thanks
2021-06-22 16:26:40 <    schultmc> | [item 7.6, SPI legal counsel.]
2021-06-22 16:26:40 <    schultmc> | The board should discuss this topic on the board list and bring this topic up at
2021-06-22 16:26:41 <    schultmc> | a future board meeting due to timing constraints in this meeting.
2021-06-22 16:26:51 <    schultmc> | [item 7.7, Directors and Officers insurance.]
2021-06-22 16:26:57 <    Snow-Man> | happy to discuss over email also
2021-06-22 16:27:22 <    Snow-Man> | (erm, you said that, ignore me :)
2021-06-22 16:27:31 <        tpot> | We voted on the OpenWrt trademark counsel in the 04-26 meeting in the affirmative.
2021-06-22 16:27:41 <    Snow-Man> | oh, well, good, haha
2021-06-22 16:28:00 <    schultmc> | Our insurance broker contacted us regarding our policy up for renewal in August. They informed us that due to industry changes, there will likely be a double digit increase in the premium cost. Just letting the board know - we should definitely continue to have D&O insurance.
2021-06-22 16:28:23 <        tpot> | Yeah nothing we can do about that unfortunately. Pretty sure it was on top of a previous increase last year too.
2021-06-22 16:28:24 <     jconway> | +many
2021-06-22 16:28:34 <    Snow-Man> | yes, we definitely need D&O insurance
2021-06-22 16:29:03 <    schultmc> | I'll sign the paperwork authorizing the broker to search for a reasonable policy.
2021-06-22 16:29:10 <    Snow-Man> | +1
2021-06-22 16:29:15 <    schultmc> | [item 8, Any other business]
2021-06-22 16:29:16 <    schultmc> | Anything to discuss?
2021-06-22 16:29:17 <       lamby> | Nod
2021-06-22 16:29:19 <       lamby> | Nothing here.
2021-06-22 16:29:25 <     jconway> | none here
2021-06-22 16:29:25 <    Snow-Man> | nothing here.
2021-06-22 16:29:30 <         fsf> | Nothing here
2021-06-22 16:29:36 <       milan> | none
2021-06-22 16:29:37 <    schultmc> | Nothing here
2021-06-22 16:29:39 <        tpot> | Thanks everyone for coming to the off-cycle meeting.
2021-06-22 16:29:41 <    schultmc> | [item 9, Next board meeting]
2021-06-22 16:29:41 <    schultmc> | The next board meeting is scheduled for: July 12, 2021 at 20:00 UTC. This will be the Annual General Meeting for SPI and will feature the election of three board members. The call for participation will be posted shortly.
2021-06-22 16:29:42 <    schultmc> | Any objections?
2021-06-22 16:29:50            --- | tpot has changed the topic to: Next SPI board meeting is on July 12th, 2021, 20:00 UTC on #spi. Agenda: https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-07-12/
2021-06-22 16:29:53            --> | jesusalva [~androirc@2804:14c:65d7:8d7d:a0b4:5f9:9195:dcf8] has joined #spi
2021-06-22 16:30:07            --- | jesusalva is now known as Guest222
2021-06-22 16:30:08 <    Snow-Man> | *Should* be good for me but I might be a bit late, just fyi.
2021-06-22 16:30:10 <    Snow-Man> | Will do my best tho.
2021-06-22 16:30:20 <     jconway> | I might have trouble that day
2021-06-22 16:30:31 <    Snow-Man> | we can discuss on the list tho
2021-06-22 16:30:31 <        tpot> | You are going to break your streak.
2021-06-22 16:30:31 <       lamby> | That day wfm
2021-06-22 16:30:31 <     jconway> | be flying (believe it or not)
2021-06-22 16:30:38 <       lamby> | what's "flying"
2021-06-22 16:30:39 <       karen> | sorry I missed the actual vote moment, but I want to thank the SPI board on behalf of OpenWrt, and we at Conservancy have been so happy to work with you all, as always
2021-06-22 16:30:50 <       lamby> | karen:  \o/
2021-06-22 16:30:59            --- | Guest222 is now known as jesusalva
2021-06-22 16:31:01 <    Snow-Man> | karen: always good working with you also. :)
2021-06-22 16:31:03 <        tpot> | \o- for Snow-man
2021-06-22 16:31:12 <       karen> | :)
2021-06-22 16:31:14 <    schultmc> | *GAVEL*
