20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-02-08/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> tpot, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < tpot> Hi - no regrets from anyone.
20:00 < lamby> Chris Lamb
20:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
20:01 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:02 < schultmc> That's quorum - moving on
20:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
20:02 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic
20:02 < schultmc> job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
20:02 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> Stephen, do you have anything you would like to add?</done>
20:02 < Snow-Man> A few things, yes.
20:02 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:02 < Snow-Man> We've engaged with a new trademark lawyer to manage our trademarks moving forward.  There's some work involved there to get things migrated which I intend to do as they come up for renewal.
20:03 < Snow-Man> We will shortly be in discussion with a new IT contractor to work with us to move SPI's infrastructure forward.
20:04 < Snow-Man> There are a couple of outstanding efforts regarding contracting with new contractors that I'm working on, nothing of particular exception or interest there.  Any questions though, feel free to ask.
20:04 < Snow-Man> .
20:04 < schultmc> Thank you.
20:04 < lamby> Thanks, Snow-Man
20:05 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:05 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
20:05 < schultmc> .
20:05 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
20:05 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
20:05 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
20:05 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
20:05 < schultmc> .
20:06 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:06 < schultmc> tpot?
20:06 < tpot> no updates - sorry I've been busy with work/home but hoping to catch up with things ASAP
20:06 < Snow-Man> I, at least, would really like to see the virtual F2F happen.
20:06 < schultmc> +1
20:06 < zumbi> +1
20:07 < fsf> Same!
20:07 < lamby> +1 indeed
20:07 < jconway> +1
20:07 < tpot> Yep - apologies for that as well I will (re)start kicking that off.
20:07 < Snow-Man> great, thanks!
20:08 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:08 < schultmc> The minutes for 2021-02-08 require approval. I assume these will need to be approved at a future meeting.
20:08 < tpot> Yes.
20:09 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:09 < schultmc> [Item 7.1, PMIx as an associated project]
20:09 < schultmc> https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/UA9HkJ4cWXjZLTPOXl6X has a suggested resolution
20:10 < Snow-Man> lgtm
20:10 < tpot> LGTM also - I'll move that across as a resolution on the web site if we all vote
20:10 < jconway> same
20:11 < lamby> :)
20:12 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,snow-man,zobel,lamby,zumbi,fsf,jconway) allowed to vote on Accept resolution for PMIx as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:12 < lamby> !vote yes
20:12 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:12 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:12 < tpot> !votes yes
20:12 < jconway> !vote yes
20:12 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:12 < fsf> !vote yes
20:13 * Snow-Man wonders idly if 'votes' works or not ;)
20:13 < tpot> !vote yes
20:13 < tpot> heh
20:13 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept resolution for PMIx as an associated project": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zobel )
20:13 < tpot> whoops no zobel
20:13 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept resolution for PMIx as an associated project": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zobel )
20:13 < tpot> Voting for "Accept resolution for PMIx as an associated project" closed.
20:14 < schultmc> s/zobel/tpot/ - you excluded yourself :)
20:14 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:14 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:14 < fsf> Nothing here
20:15 < Snow-Man> I did forget to mention that I continue to work with our counsel on GDPR questions that projects have brought up.
20:15 < schultmc> Snow-Man: have we received feedback from counsel regarding one of the other outstanding projects interested in associated project status?
20:15 < Snow-Man> I have an update on that which I'll be passing along to the project which was asking shortly.
20:15 < lamby> My only AOB is that I think it would be nice to get Luca a small token of our appreciation for his efforts as a board member.
20:15 < tpot> Oh nice idea.
20:16 < Snow-Man> schultmc: That's not currently ringing a bell ... Would you mind re-sending what that's in regards to?
20:16 < Snow-Man> lamby: +1
20:16 < schultmc> Snow-Man: will do
20:16 < fsf> +1 to lamby's idea
20:16 < Snow-Man> thanks.  apologies, sometimes a few too many balls in the air to keep them all in my head :)
20:17 < jconway> +1 to lamby's idea also
20:17 < schultmc> +1
20:17 < lamby> Happy to arrange that, although very much soliciting any suggestions...
20:17 < zumbi> +1, of course
20:18 < zumbi> lamby: let's work on that offline, I am willing to help out
20:18 < lamby> sure thing
20:21 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:21 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: April 12, 2021 at 20:00 UTC
20:21 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:21 < zumbi> None
20:21 < jconway> none here
20:21 < lamby> I may not be available that evening, but will send regrets in good time.
20:21 < Snow-Man> wfm
20:21 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
