21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-06-14/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
21:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < schultmc> Tim Potter and Chris Lamb sent regrets
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:01 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
21:01 < schultmc> fsf: ping
21:01 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:02 < schultmc> We need zumbi to be quorate
21:03 < schultmc> working on drafting another resolution while we wait
21:07 < schultmc> I pinged zumbi on signal
21:08 -!- Guest2095 [~Daniel@2a02:168:57f4:0:efd0:b9e5:5ae6:c2fa] has quit [Ping timeout: 480 seconds]
21:14 < schultmc> Looks like we'll remain inquorate for today's meeting - we do have several items to vote on and ideally we won't wait another month to vote on them. I suggest we call a meeting in 2 weeks time (2021-06-28) at 2000 UTC, assuming more board members are available to attend then.
21:15 < karen> hi all! Can someone ping me when/if the meeting starts? (I am basically here to thank SPI and to note that with respect to the OpenWrt resolution, I'm pleased that Conservancy and SPI collaborate well together)
21:15 < karen> ah :)
21:15 < jesusalva-android> Isn't zobel online?
21:15 < schultmc> karen: we're likely remaining inquorate but we can likely finalize the transfers in the next few weeks. Apologies for the delay.
21:16 < schultmc> If either zobel or zumbi are available we'd be quorate but I haven't heard from either.
21:16 < Snow-Man> schultmc: I'd suggest we try for next week, as I'll be unavailable in two weeks.
21:16 < schultmc> ok
21:16 < jconway> 2021-06-21 at 2000 UTC wfm
21:16 < schultmc> I'm likely unavailable next week but if others are available you can meet without me
21:16 < Snow-Man> (may also have more to update wrt the RT re-hosting by that point too)
21:17 < Snow-Man> hrmpf.
21:17 < Snow-Man> let's take it to the list and see when we can all get together then?  hopefully soon.
21:17 < schultmc> I may be available - I've got an appointment at 1800 UTC that may be done by 1930
21:18 < schultmc> Sounds good to me - I can also be available other than Mondays if that would work better
21:18 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
