21:02 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:02 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:02 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:02 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:02 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2021/2021-04-12/
21:02 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:02 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:02 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
21:02 < tpot> Tim Potter
21:02 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:02 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:02 < schultmc> tpot, do we have any regrets?
21:02 < Snow-Man> (kind of here)
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:03 < tpot> Chris Lamb sends his regrets
21:03  -!- fsf <~fsf@00029520.user.oftc.net> has joined #spi
21:03 < schultmc> fsf: state your name, please
21:03 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:03 < schultmc> nosliot: ping
21:06 < schultmc> I don't seem to have nosilot/zumbi's SMS/Signal info. Is anyone able to reach out to him? We're currently inquorate
21:06  -!- danvet_ <~Daniel@2a02:168:57f4:0:efd0:b9e5:5ae6:c2fa> has quit (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
21:08 < schultmc> If we're inquorate we may need to reschedule to 2021-04-19 or 2021-04-26 per Article 4 of our bylaws.
21:08 < tpot> While we're waiting I would like to solicit ideas on how to schedule the virtual F2F meeting.
21:09 < tpot> Since it's going to be remote we aren't necessarily bound to having full days so it could be a nubmer of half days, evenings or hour slots, or any combination of the above.
21:09 < Snow-Man> should probably be able to do either 19th or 26th (though probably will still have issues typing)
21:09 < tpot> I've also started an agenda etherpad. Please see the #spi-private channel for the link.
21:09 < schultmc> I'm not sure what the board's time zone availability is
21:09 < schultmc> I've been updating the etherpad
21:10 < tpot> Thanks!
21:10 < fsf> I'd generally prefer for the meetings to be during (my) working hours. But given our time distribution that might not be possible and it's not as if my preferences should override anyone else's
21:10 < tpot> OK so maybe a balance of chunks in different TZs would be good
21:10 < fsf> Yeah, I think that's probably the most equitable way of doing things
21:12 < schultmc> tpot: rather than pick a rescheduled 2021-04 meeting date now we should probably reach out to lamby and zumbi to see if they have a preference on 2021-04-19 or 2021-04-26
21:12 < Snow-Man> +1
21:13 < jconway> +1
21:13 < jconway> either wfm
21:13 < tpot> OK - we have a lot to get through and it would be bad to delay by four weeks
21:13 < fsf> Both work for me as well
21:14 < schultmc> milan: please let us know your availability as well
21:14 < milan> Both dates work for me
21:14 < tpot> awesome
21:15 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:15 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: TBD at 20:00 UTC
21:15 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
