21:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of director's meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2014/2014-06-12/
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:00 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:00 #spi: < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Regrets received from zobel and Clint.
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> So just linuxhiker missing?
21:01 #spi: < bdale> sounds like it, and we're quorate .. should I proceed?
21:01 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
21:01 #spi:  * Clint made it
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> He's on the network. I've poked him via /msg
21:01 #spi: < bdale> ok, I'll wait a minute
21:03 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing. Continue? We have 7 of 9.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> yep
21:03 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:03 #spi: < bdale> A warm welcome to Martin Michlmayr!  Nothing else of interest to report today.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:03 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:04 #spi: < schultmc> Due to numerous emergencies at work I wasn't able to complete the outstanding treasurer's reports. I hope to have them available in the next few days.
21:04 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:04 #spi: < schultmc> I did meet with our bookkeeper and we're making progress in resolving the issues with them
21:04 #spi: < bdale> anything you need from others of us on that front?
21:04 #spi: < schultmc> in the next few days we should have all of their reports for 2013 available
21:04 #spi: < schultmc> future reports from them should be more timely
21:05 #spi: < schultmc> nothing needed currently
21:06 #spi: < bdale> ok .. anything else?
21:06 #spi: < schultmc> not that I can think of
21:06 #spi: < bdale> thanks
21:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:06 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing in particular to report from me. I have once again relocated continents so I'm back in the UK at present but that doesn't really affect anything.
21:06 #spi: < bdale> right .. other than time zones, I guess
21:07 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:07 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on today?
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (ganneff,bdale,solver,schultmc,noodles,tbm,clint) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 8th May 2014. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:07 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < tbm> !vote yes
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 8th May 2014": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 8th May 2014" closed.
21:07 #spi: -!- josh [~smuxi@38.99.10.97] has joined #spi
21:07 #spi: -!- josh is now known as jberkus
21:07 #spi: < bdale> great
21:08 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:08 #spi: < bdale> [item 7.1, Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1: Chakra as Associated Project
21:08 #spi: < bdale> Solver, anything to add before we vote?
21:08 #spi: < Solver> I don't believe so.  I think it has been covered well on list.
21:08 #spi: < bdale> ok, I'm ready to vote
21:08 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 7 people (ganneff,bdale,solver,schultmc,noodles,tbm,clint) allowed to vote on Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1 (Chakra as Associated Project). - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:08 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:08 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:08 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:08 #spi: < tbm> !vote yes
21:08 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:08 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:09 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
21:09 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1 (Chakra as Associated Project)": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:09 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1 (Chakra as Associated Project)" closed.
21:09 #spi: < Noodles> totte: Would you like to accept SPI's offer of associated project status at this time?
21:09 #spi: < totte> Yes please, thank you.
21:09 #spi: < bdale> totte: congrats, and welcome!
21:10 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:10 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> totte: Can you send me (secretary@spi-inc.org) a logo and some blurb in the same style as the other projects? Then I can get you added to the website.
21:10 #spi: < schultmc> totte: to get Chakra setup in our donation system please follow the instructions at http://www.spi-inc.org/treasurer/newprojects/
21:11 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: Nothing from me.
21:11 #spi: < Noodles> Oh. Wait. Elections.
21:11 #spi: < bdale> heh
21:11 #spi: < Solver> Nothing else from me today
21:11 #spi: < Noodles> We have them coming up.
21:11 #spi: < Noodles> Observers should consider if they want to run. Outgoing board members should as well.
21:12 #spi: < bdale> so, the usual topics would include whether we want/need to scrub the member list before the election?
21:12 #spi: < Ganneff> who goes out this time?
21:12 #spi: < Solver> 4 places will be open this election, right?
21:12 #spi: < Noodles> We've got 3 seats up, tbm, Solver + Clint.
21:13 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: Realistically we're not going to scrub the member list before the election.
21:13 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:13 #spi: < bdale> so, I think we should move on a call for nominations ASAP
21:14 #spi: < Noodles> Ok. I can mail -announce and -general in the next week.
21:14 #spi: < bdale> good, thanks
21:15 #spi: < bdale> I would encourage board members and observers here to "shake the trees" a bit .. I'd be pleased to see all currently expiring members re-elected if they choose to run again, but I also think this is an excellent opportunity for us to expand our reach a bit and find more people interested in doing good things for SPI, whether through holding a board seat or in other ways
21:15 #spi:  * Noodles agrees.
21:15 #spi: < bdale> ok, anything else?
21:15 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:15 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 10 July 2014, 20:00 UTC.
21:15 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:15 #spi: < Noodles> This will be the AGM.
21:15 #spi: < bdale> ah .. report time?
21:16 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
21:17 #spi: < o11c> AGM = ?
21:17 #spi: < schultmc> Annual General Meeting
21:17 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's try and get the report done on time this year .. and yes, I know I was the primary hold-up last time
21:17 #spi: < bdale> who will take the lead on pulling it together this year?
21:18 #spi: < Noodles> We didn't actually have one last year.
21:18 #spi:  * bdale ducks
21:18 #spi: < Noodles> I can work from the 2012 one to provide a base.
21:18 #spi: < bdale> ok, thanks
21:18 #spi: < Noodles> It needs a welcome from the president and the annual summary from the treasurer.
21:19 #spi: < Noodles> But let me sort out the skeleton first.
21:19 #spi: < bdale> fair enough .. I'll get a welcome done soonest
21:19 #spi: < Noodles> Cool.
21:19 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:19 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
