20:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2014/2014-12-11/
20:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
20:00 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:01 < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
20:01 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
20:01 < glp> Gregers PEtersen
20:01 < Solver> Robert Brockway
20:01 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
20:01 < tbm> I received regrets from zobel
20:02 < bdale> need at least one more to proceed
20:02 < Noodles> schultmc_ or linuxhiker?
20:02 < Noodles> Or Ganneff.
20:03 < tbm> I've to leave in 15 minutes, btw. Sorry about that.
20:03 < bdale> if we can find one more person, we should be able to conclude in a few mins easily
20:04 < Noodles> If we don't can I suggest we handle the X.org vote via email?
20:04 < bdale> yes .. note that Hutterer asked us to change section 6 to read 90 days
20:04 < bdale> I'm fine with that
20:04 < Noodles> I'm fine with that (and had noticed it wasn't updated on the agenda page).
20:04 < bdale> should probably make that edit and re-name it .2?
20:05 < glp> or push onto next month - x.org asked about an extension in regard to the reply time?
20:05 < tbm> I'm fine with the change too but didn't want to update the agenda since I didn't propose the resolution
20:05 < bdale> glp: the problem is that they need time for a full vote *after* we approve the resolution
20:05 < tbm> renaming to .2 sounds good to me
20:05 < glp> ahh
20:05 < tbm> I can make that change on the agenda
20:05 < bdale> the x.org board is fully supportive, but with the holidays upon us they're worried about getting the election wrapped and a reply to us in 60 days from today
20:06 < glp> bdale: I focusswed on the mentioning of holliday situation
20:06 < bdale> so, anyone have out-of-band comms with any of our missing folk?
20:06 < Solver> we have some phone numbers in the board-private repo
20:06 < Solver> including iirc schultmc 
20:06 -!- bkuhnIdle is now known as bkuhn
20:06 < bdale> I personally think they could run the vote without waiting for a resolution, but it's their bylaws and .org, not ours, so I don't want to dictate
20:07 < Noodles> I can SMS schultmc_.
20:07 < bdale> please
20:07 < bdale> if we can achieve quorum and vote at least the x.org resolution today, that'd be good
20:07 < tbm> 2014.12.11.bg.2 pushed to agenda
20:07 < bdale> if not, then we'll call for an email vote
20:08 < bdale> tbm: thank you!
20:08 < bdale> tbm: you need to leave at :15?
20:08 < tbm> thereabouts yes
20:09 < bdale> ok, then I propose we wait until :15 to see if we meet quorum and can vote this, if not we'll close the meeting
20:09 < Solver> If we are inquorate an email vote on x.org sounds good
20:15 < bdale> It's :15 and we've failed to make quorum.  Martin, will you please call for a vote on the x.org resolution via email as soon as possible?
20:15 < tbm> looks like I still have a few minutes, btw
20:15 < tbm> but yes, otherwise I can call a vote by email
20:15 < bdale> thanks
20:15 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
20:15 < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting is 8 January 2015, 20:00 UTC.
20:15 < bdale> *GAVEL*
