20:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2014/2014-11-13/
20:01 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:01 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
20:01 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:01 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
20:01 < glp> Gregers Petersen
20:01 < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
20:01 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
20:01 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:01 < bdale> did I see regrets in-channel from Solver?
20:01 < schultmc> yes
20:01 < zobel> shall i sms-ping ganneff?
20:02 < bdale> please
20:02 < bdale> linuxhiker ?
20:02 < linuxhiker> Joshua D. Drake
20:02 < bdale> cool
20:03 -!- saste [~saste___@dynamic-adsl-78-15-163-109.clienti.tiscali.it] has joined #spi
20:03 < zobel> pinged Ganneff.
20:03 < bdale> ok, let's proceed
20:04 < zobel> but we made quorum
20:04 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
20:04 < bdale> two items this month
20:04 < bdale> Congratulations to SFLC for passing their 10th anniversary, it was good to see several other SPI contributing members and others at their celebration
20:04 < bdale> on 31 October at Columbia Law School!
20:04 < bdale> I'm working with Keith Packard on an association resolution for x.org that I hope will be on next month's agenda.
20:04 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < bdale> Michael?
20:04 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
20:04 < schultmc> a corrected september report and october's report are in the agenda. Nothing of note
20:05 < schultmc> I also opened the new bank accounts for Paypal
20:05 < bdale> Ganneff: welcome!
20:05 < bdale> schultmc: cool.  when will that "go live"?
20:05 < schultmc> bdale: it shouldn't take much longer - I'll coordinate with bgupta since he's been spearheading it
20:06 < tbm> what about the corrected report from April? Does that mean all reports since April have to be updated?
20:06 < bdale> ok, great.  will look forward to an announcement.
20:06 < schultmc> tbm: last month's agenda had all the corrected reports in it - noodles pointed out my emailed copy was stuck in moderation
20:06  * schultmc resent it from the proper address
20:06 < bdale> anything else?
20:06 < schultmc> nothing from me
20:07 < bgupta> schultmc: Feel free to propose a time to meet. generally my afternoons and evenings are freer than AMs.
20:07 < tbm> ah, I see
20:07 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:07 < bdale> Martin?
20:07 < tbm> Are your records/calculations stored somewhere where board members can access them?
20:07 < tbm> it seems the bus factor is quite high
20:07 < schultmc> tbm: not currently - bkuhn and I are planning on meeting with you to help rectify that
20:07 < tbm> ok
20:07 < tbm> anyway, regarding the secretary's report
20:07 < tbm> I've not received any resolutions for consideration.
20:08 < tbm> I have nothing else to report.
20:08 < bdale> ok, thanks
20:08 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:08 < bdale> Martin, I believe we have last month's to vote on today?
20:08 < tbm> yes
20:08 < tbm> http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2014/2014-10-09/
20:08 < tbm> I hope everyone had a chance to read it
20:08 < bdale> looking now
20:08 < tbm> Unfortunately, I only completed them today.
20:09 < bdale> they look ok to me
20:09 < linuxhiker> I as well
20:09 < tbm> ok, let's start the vote
20:09 < tbm> Voting started, 8 people (bdale,ganneff,tbm,schultmc,linuxhiker,noodles,glp,zobel) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 9th October 2014. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:09 < Ganneff> !vote abstain
20:09 < bdale> yeah, a little more review time would be better...
20:09 < bdale> !vote yes
20:09 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
20:09 < zobel> !vote yes
20:09 < tbm> !vote yes
20:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:09 < glp> !vote yes
20:09 < Noodles> !vote yes
20:10 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 9th October 2014": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:10 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 9th October 2014" closed.
20:10 < tbm> I'll make sure to post minutes earlier in the future
20:10 < bdale> thanks
20:10 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:10 < bdale> None.
20:10 < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
20:10 < bdale> Do any board members present have items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
20:10 < linuxhiker> I do
20:10 < bdale> linuxhiker: go
20:10  * zobel too.
20:10 < bdale> zobel: noted
20:11 < linuxhiker> I spoke at BLUG (Bellingham Linux User Group) last week. They are the user group that puts on Linux Fest NW which is a reasonably large regional conference. Although they knew what PostgreSQL, Debian and Libreoffice were. They had no idea who we were or what we do.
20:11 -!- gio [~gio@host156-203-dynamic.46-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it] has joined #spi
20:11 < linuxhiker> Is that something we care about? I mean, I always talk about us at every talk I do but do we want to make a concerted advocacy effort?
20:11 < linuxhiker> Membership effort?
20:12 < bdale> we've never pushed for it particularly in the past, beyond things like routinely having a BOF session at Debconf the last few years
20:12 < Noodles> I think it's a good idea for people to be aware of our existence.
20:12 < glp> It is something I believe we should work towards
20:12 < bdale> I see no problem with spreading the word, though
20:12 < Noodles> I don't think we particularly need a membership drive.
20:12  * schultmc briefly mentioned SPI at Ohio LinuxFest last month (Ken Starks from The HeliOS Project was the closing keynote)
20:13 < bdale> I represented SPI on a panel at the SFLC thingy
20:13 < linuxhiker> I was just surprised as most of the people there were not "newbies", these are old guys like a lot of us.. or I should say, mature :P
20:13 < bdale> I'm ok with "old"
20:13 < luca> i prefer wise
20:14 < bdale> so, what would we do if we wanted to increase brand recognition?
20:14 < bdale> luca: why, thank you!
20:14 < bdale> for things like a regional conf, there's a bunch of work associated with doing something like a booth
20:14 < linuxhiker> I think that is a longer discussion than what we want to do here. I mean I am fully prepared to do google hangouts and presentations when I have the ability but there are a lot of things that go along with advocacy (our website doesn't help)
20:15 < bdale> fair enough
20:15 < bdale> so let's take this to email, then?
20:15 < glp> yes
20:15 < Noodles> Patches always welcome for the website...
20:15 < linuxhiker> Noodles: to be honest, I want to see us pay for a professional design, ala 66designs
20:15 < linuxhiker> err 99designs
20:16 < tbm> didn't someone volunteer to redesign the web site?
20:16 < bdale> I'm open to suggestions.  I've never been unhappy that our reputation has grown to be one of quiet competence, but I'm equally fine with having our "brand" better known and appreciated
20:16 < Noodles> We should talk to Valessio.
20:16 < Noodles> And I'm wary of any commercial designer trying to redo the way we maintain the site.
20:16 < bdale> ugh.  web site design.  ;-)
20:16 < Noodles> But not against someone else changing its appearance within our ikiwiki structure.
20:17 < bdale> yeah, it took us a lot of work to get to ikiwiki+git which we all know how to use at least to some extent .. don't want to change that, but more appealing content is ok
20:17 < linuxhiker> bdale: I am right there with you, which is why I think it would be useful to spend some of our cash for a real and professional designer
20:17 < zobel> i think we should move website redesign discussion to the public mailing list.
20:17 < bdale> ok, let's take this to email, and if $ are involved we can put a resolution on a future meeting agenda, ok?
20:17 < linuxhiker> if you guys look at 99designs, it is pretty awesome. We spend say 600 bucks and we get dozens of designs to chose from, from different designers
20:17 < Noodles> I have an old mail from Valessio I don't think anyone ever replied to. I will reply this week and see if he's still interested?
20:17 < tbm> Noodles: can Valessio work within our ikiwiki framework?
20:17 < bdale> tbm: good question to ask
20:18 < bdale> ok... zobel?
20:18 < zobel> <begin>i was speaking with RichiH from Debian about trademarks. Debian wants advise on registering 'DebConf' as trademark. i advised him to communicate with Mishi directly but to keep board@ on Cc. You probably saw that mail.</end>
20:18 < tbm> ok, I guess Noodles or I will follow up with Valessio
20:18 < Ganneff> tbm: i think yes
20:18 < Noodles> tbm: I will reply to the mail I have from him.
20:18 < bdale> I saw that email, yes
20:18 < luca> 3
20:18 < zobel> after the Gnome trademark foo from 2d ago, even more important.
20:19 < zobel> Gnome vs. Groupon
20:19 < bdale> if Mishi doesn't respond shortly, I can poke if needed.  I had a great meeting with Eben and Mishi at the SFLC event, nothing new to report here but she reiterated her willingness to hear from me about priorities, etc
20:19 < zobel> in case someone did not saw that.
20:19 < zobel> okay.
20:20 < bdale> anything else for this section of the agenda?
20:20 < tbm> someone mentioned membership befre
20:20 < tbm> which reminds me... didn't we want to ping inactive members or something?
20:20 < Noodles> Yes.
20:20 < linuxhiker> yes
20:20 < tbm> Is anyone working on this?
20:20 < bdale> not that I know of
20:20 < Noodles> I have neglected to write the website code that would mean we could send out some mails.
20:21 < Noodles> But I think that's what needs done; a link on the members website that would let someone claim they were still active.
20:21 < Noodles> Then send out the mails, and after a month or two drop contributing members down to normal members if they haven't clicked the link.
20:21 < bdale> want/need help, or do you have lots of spare time now that tbm is secretary?  ;-)
20:21 < Noodles> The data on when someone last voted I added to the members DB a couple of years ago, so we can tell if people are active.
20:22 < linuxhiker> Noodles: that sounds more like, we can tell if someone voted, not if they are active :P
20:22 < Noodles> I'm not time rich at present thanks to trying to find somewhere to live and being back at university.
20:22 < linuxhiker> Noodles: e.g; not everyone votes
20:22 < Noodles> linuxhiker: We agreed some time ago it was a useful data point for who we should email.
20:22 < bdale> voting is the only visible activity, ergo the email to allow them to poke an update my activity counter thing
20:22 < Noodles> The link option is for those who are active but don't vote to be able to indicate that fact.
20:22 < bdale> right
20:23 < bdale> so we only email people who don't vote, giving them the option to indicate they're still "active" in some sense
20:23 < Noodles> It's on my todo list, I won't be annoyed if someone else gets there first, I have made sure the members git repo is what we're actually running.
20:23 < bdale> nice
20:23 < bdale> ok
20:23 < bdale> anything else here?
20:23 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:23 < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 11 December 2014, 20:00 UTC.
20:23 < bdale> Any strong objections?
20:23 < linuxhiker> nope
20:23 < bdale> looks like it works for me
20:24 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
20:24 < bdale> *GAVEL*
