12:01 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
12:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of director's meeting, which is now called to order.
12:01 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2014/2014-01-09/
12:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
12:01 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
12:01 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
12:01 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
12:01 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
12:01 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
12:01 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
12:01 #spi: < Noodles> I've had regrets from Ganneff and Hydroxide.
12:01 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
12:02 #spi: < Noodles> Clint?
12:02 #spi: < Noodles> linuxhiker?
12:03 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
12:03 #spi: < bdale> cool .. quorum met
12:04 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
12:04 #spi: < bdale> I'm in Perth, Western Australia, this week attending Linux Conf Australia 2014.  It has, as usual, been an excellent conference.
12:04 #spi: < bdale> Also, since I mentioned it here when it started last September, I will also mention in passing that my consulting engagement with Samsung has now concluded.
12:04 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
12:04 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
12:04 #spi: < schultmc> September 2013 report is in the agenda.  Still working on the backlog and working with the bookkeeper.  Negative balance for ankur.or.in is due to cash accounting method (awaiting funds from Google Summer of Code - posted in December 2013).  Nothing further.
12:05 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
12:05 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
12:05 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing from me.
12:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
12:06 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on today?
12:06 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
12:06 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 6 people (bdale,clint,noodles,schultmc,solver,zobel) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 12th December 2013. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
12:06 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
12:06 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
12:06 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
12:06 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
12:06 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
12:06 #spi: < bdale> !vote abstain
12:06 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12th December 2013": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
12:06 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 12th December 2013" closed.
12:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
12:06 #spi: < bdale> None on the agenda this month.
12:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
12:06 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
12:07 #spi: < jberkus> schultmc: is there something I should do on the bookeeper stuff?
12:07 #spi: < linuxhiker> Joshua D. Drake
12:07 #spi: < zobel> i just would like to know where debian admin requests to SPI should go to. we need DNS foo updated....
12:07 #spi: < jberkus> bdale: credit card issues, briefly
12:07 #spi: < linuxhiker> Sorry... I made it, if 7 minutes late
12:07 #spi: < schultmc> jberkus: brian had a list of questions - once we get those answered we should be able to get several months of reports from him.
12:08 #spi: < jberkus> schultmc: right, are any of those questions I can answer?
12:08 #spi: < bdale> linuxhiker: welcome
12:08 #spi: < linuxhiker> bdale: thanks, I was actually here just dealing with a last minute kitchen snafu.
12:08 #spi: < schultmc> jberkus: possibly - I'll take a look after the meeting.
12:08 #spi: < Solver> Brian is the bookkeeper? (I assume you do not mean bgupta)
12:09 #spi: < schultmc> Solver: yes - sorry for the confusion
12:09 #spi: < Solver> np.  thanks for clarifying
12:09 #spi: < bdale> zobel: probably Ganneff on your question?
12:10 #spi: < zobel> i want the rt queue address.
12:10 #spi: < zobel> that is all.
12:10 #spi: < schultmc> zobel: admin@spi-inc.org (or admin@rt.spi-inc.org)
12:10 #spi: < zobel> weasel: ^ there
12:10 #spi: < bdale> cool
12:10 #spi: < bdale> jberkus: what about credit cards?
12:10 #spi: < weasel> thanks
12:11 #spi:  * bdale waves at weasel
12:11 #spi: < weasel> (hi there)
12:11 #spi: < jberkus> bdale: in the December meeting I brought up that Click&Pledge had become an unreliable provider
12:11 #spi: < bdale> right
12:11 #spi: < jberkus> I had not had time to do anything about switching providers since that meeting, and it is unlikely that I will have time before the next meeting.
12:12 #spi: < jberkus> if a Board member wants to take ownership of this, I'd be more than happy to turn it over to them.
12:13 #spi: < bdale> do we have a new provider selected, or is that the question?
12:13 #spi: < bgupta> how urgent is it?
12:13 #spi: < jberkus> that's one of the questions
12:14 #spi: < jberkus> bgupta: we are having ongoing issues with C&P and CC fraud
12:14 #spi:  * schultmc placed a block on the country that the vast majority of fraudulent charges are coming from
12:14 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: seems reasonable
12:14 #spi: < jberkus> which, among other things, has forced us to block donations from Ireland
12:14 #spi: < schultmc> but I agree we should find a better provider
12:14 #spi: < bdale> ok
12:15 #spi: < bdale> I'm having good luck with the provider for a web store I run, but I haven't thought at all about whether they'd be good as a provider to SPI
12:15 #spi: < linuxhiker> jberkus: bdale: schultmc: I can review half a dozen providers and post a list, but I need a set of requirements
12:15 #spi: < jberkus> bdale: whom are you using?
12:15 #spi: < bdale> braintree
12:16 #spi: < bdale> who are apparently on the path to being acquired by paypal at this point, sadly
12:16 #spi: < jberkus> the majority of the work is picking 1-2 new providers, setting up the account, and getting our projects transitioned over
12:16 #spi: < linuxhiker> bdale: they are one of my customers, it is sad :(
12:17 #spi: < jberkus> linuxhiker: I'd like to also dump PaySimple.  there's no reason we should be paying $30/month for CC services today.
12:17 #spi: < bdale> ouch
12:17 #spi: < bdale> jberkus: can you put this in email to linuxhiker and me?  I don't really have time in Jan, but I'll make some to help.
12:17 #spi: < jberkus> sure
12:17 #spi: < linuxhiker> jberkus: that may be a legacy issue (not saying I have a problem with it). Meaning that a phone call may get us more cost effectiveness with them
12:17 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's do that then
12:18 #spi: < bdale> any other topics?
12:18 #spi: < Solver> last month we passed a resolution to open new bank accounts
12:18 #spi: < Solver> just wondering if there was any progess there.  given the time of year there may not be but I thought I'd ask
12:18 #spi: < schultmc> no progress yet
12:19 #spi: < Solver> np thanks
12:19 #spi: < schultmc> I can open the account once the bank has been selected
12:19 #spi: < bdale> anyone working on the selection process?
12:20 #spi: < jberkus> I am not
12:20 #spi: < schultmc> jberkus and I need to find one that doesn't require us both to physically be in a branch to open an account
12:20 #spi: < bdale> oic
12:20 #spi: < schultmc> us bank was mentioned
12:20 #spi: < jberkus> or require any 3 board members to be
12:20 #spi: < jberkus> schultmc: US Bank has that issue
12:20 #spi: < schultmc> there's a us bank about 50 miles from here
12:21 #spi: < bdale> can you guys make time in the next month to progress on this topic?
12:21 #spi: < schultmc> sure
12:21 #spi: < jberkus> bdale: I cannot.
12:21 #spi: < Noodles> Does jberkus + other board member in a bank help or is it a signatory thing?
12:21 #spi: < schultmc> there's about 5 different banks near my work
12:21 #spi: < jberkus> Noodles: it's a signatory thing
12:21 #spi: < schultmc> I can contact them about their procedures
12:21 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: ok, if you can do a first pass survey, maybe we can at least narrow this down
12:21 #spi: < schultmc> will do
12:21 #spi: < bdale> thanks
12:21 #spi: < bdale> anything else?
12:21 #spi: < jberkus> schultmc: the other criteria is that they need to allow us to disable overdraft protection
12:22 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
12:22 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 13 February 2014, 20:00 UTC.
12:22 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
12:23 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
12:23 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
