# Meeting agenda for Monday 14th November, 2016

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
November 14th, 2016, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 10th October 2016](../../../minutes/2016/2016-10-10)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2016-10-04.mm.2: Performance Co-Pilot as associated project
   2. Resolution 2016-10-09.djl.1: The Open MPI Project as an associated project
   3. Directors and officers liability insurance update (Martin Michlmayr)
   4. Bylaws draft update (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
   5. Physical mailing address update (Luca Filipozzi)
   6. Status of deprecation of SPI CA (Joerg Jaspert)
8. Any other business
   1. OFTC Election Report
9. Next board meeting: December 12, 2016, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

I would like to thank Martin Zobel-Helas and Dimitri John Ledkov for their
outstanding work on getting SPI's financial data into ledger.  I'm happy to
see reports using the new system in the agenda.  I'd also like to thank
Andrew Tridgell for work on PayPal and of course Michael Schultheiss for
his continued work as as SPI Treasurer.

Speaking of ledger, I attended a ledger hackathon this weekend.  John
Wiegley, the maintainer of ledger, looked at [an issue SPI
found](http://bugs.ledger-cli.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1194) but hasn't been
able to resolve it yet.

SFLC confirmed that they can host our face-to-face meeting in February.
I'm looking forward to a productive meeting!

I confirmed that SPI is eligible to join NPCC.  I suggest we join NPCC
and obtain a D&O liability insurance quote through their provider.

Finally, I'm very happy to see a new draft for the by-laws.  Thanks to
Jimmy Kaplowitz.

## Treasurer's report

1. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-01](../../../../treasurer/reports/201601/)
2. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-02](../../../../treasurer/reports/201602/)
3. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-03](../../../../treasurer/reports/201603/)
4. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-04](../../../../treasurer/reports/201604/)
5. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-05](../../../../treasurer/reports/201605/)
6. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-06](../../../../treasurer/reports/201606/)
7. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-07](../../../../treasurer/reports/201607/)
8. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-08](../../../../treasurer/reports/201608/)

## Resolution 2016-10-04.mm.2: Performance Co-Pilot as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) is a substantial and significant Free
Software project.

2. Performance Co-Pilot developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Performance Co-Pilot is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Nathan Scott and Ken McDonell are recognized by SPI as the
authoritative decision makers and SPI liaisons for Performance Co-Pilot.
Successors will be appointed by the Performance Co-Pilot core team.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for Performance Co-Pilot Project is
missing in action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two
consecutive years the associated project is deemed defunct. Defunct
project's assets may be transferred to a nominated US 501(c)(3) charity or
to the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Resolution 2016-10-09.djl.1: The Open MPI Project as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The Open MPI Project is a substantial and significant Free Software
project.

2. The Open MPI Project developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The Open MPI Project is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Ralph Castain &lt;rhc@open-mpi.org&gt; is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for The Open MPI Project.
Successors will be appointed or elected by full members of the The
Open MPI Project &lt;https://www.open-mpi.org/about/members/&gt;.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for The Open MPI Project is missing
in action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive
years the associated project is deemed defunct. Defunct project's
assets may be transferred to a nominated US 501(c)(3) charity or to
the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
