# Meeting agenda for Thursday 12th May, 2016

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Thursday,
May 12th, 2016, to be held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Martin Michlmayr)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Thursday, 10th March 2016](../../../minutes/2016/2016-03-10/)
      (Martin Michlmayr)
   2. [Thursday, 14th April 2016](../../../minutes/2016/2016-04-14/)
      (Martin Michlmayr)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2016-03-17.jdd.1: OpenZFS as an associated project
   2. Resolution 2016-04-01.jdd.1: Glucosio as an associated project
   3. Resolution 2016-04-27.jdd.1: PgConf.Org as an affiliated project
   4. Resolution 2016-05-01.bg.1: ArduPilot as associated project
   5. Resolution 2016-05-05.bg.1: NTPsec as associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: June 9th, 2016, 20:30 UTC

## President's report

(none)

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-03-17.jdd.1: OpenZFS as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. OpenZFS is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The OpenZFS developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. OpenZFS is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Matt Ahrens (matt@mahrens.org) is recognised by SPI as the authoritative
decision maker and SPI liaison for OpenZFS.  Successors will be appointed
or elected by Matt Ahrens.

If Matt Ahrens is unable to, the following community members should vote to
select a replacement: Brian Behlendorf (behlendorf1@llnl.gov), Justin Gibbs
(gibbs@freebsd.org), and George Wilson (wilzun@gmail.com). These community
leaders represent each of the key platforms for OpenZFS: Linux, FreeBSD,
and illumos respectively.

3. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-04-01.jdd.1: Glucosio as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Glucosio is a Free Software project.

2. The Glucosio developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Glucosio is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Benjamin Kerensa (benjamin@glucosio.org) is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Glucosio.  Successors
will be appointed or elected by members of the Glucosio project.

3. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Resolution 2016-04-27.jdd.1: PgConf.Org as an affiliated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. PostgreSQL Conference International (PgConf.Org) is a project
promoting and educating on Free Software.

2. The PgConf.Org organizers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. PgConf.Org is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Amanda Nystrom (amanda.nystrom@pgconf.org) is recognized by SPI as
the authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for PgConf.Org.
Successors will be appointed or elected by members of the PgConf.Org
project. Should Amanda Nystrom be unavailable for any reason Jim Moldgenski
(jimm@postgresql.us) is recognized as the backup liaison.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-05-01.bg.1: ArduPilot as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. ArduPilot is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The ArduPilot developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. ArduPilot is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Andrew Tridgell is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for ArduPilot.  Successors will be appointed by a
vote on the ArduPilot development team mailing list
ardupilot-dev-team@googlegroups.com. Communication by SPI to the
ArduPilot dev team leads (including the liaison) can be made by email to
ardupilot.devel@gmail.com.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-05-05.bg.1: NTPsec as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. NTPsec is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. NTPsec developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. The NTPsec Project is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Mark Atwood is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker and
SPI liaison for the NTPsec Project. Successors will be appointed by the
outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison is unavailable or
refuses to appoint a successor, by a simple majority vote by the three
top code contributors to the NTPsec of the previous year.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
