[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 10th October, 2016

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
October 10th, 2016, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Martin Michlmayr)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Valerie Young)
   1. Face-to-face meeting poll results
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Thursday, 12th September 2016](../../../minutes/2016/2016-09-12)
      (Valerie Young)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Directors and officers liability insurance update (Martin Michlmayr)
   2. Bylaws draft update (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
   3. Physical mailing address update (Luca Filipozzi)
   4. Status of deprecation of SPI CA (Martin Michlmayr)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: November 14, 2016, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

Over the last weeks, I looked at recent email archives of the board list
to get a better overview of outstanding tasks.  I believe I have a good
picture now and I responded to a number of outstanding requests already.
There continues to be a fair bit of interest from projects in SPI.

Some of the outstanding tasks required a bit of investigation and I
ended up reading minutes from 2006 board meetings.  I discovered that a
handful of accepted resolutions were never published on our web site.  I
added some of them and hope to add the rest soon.  There has been some
discussion recently about the web site, in particular whether a CMS
would attract more contributions.  I believe our current system works
very well and I'd like to thank Jonathan McDowell for his substantive
efforts several years ago in moving the web site from Plone to the
current system.  Of course, contributors are welcome!

I would like to thank Valerie Young for setting up a poll regarding a
potential face-to-face board meeting.  Unfortunately, it looks like we
won't be able to meet in person this year.  I believe a face-to-face
meeting will allow us to have good conversations about the mission and
future of SPI, define next steps and productively work on a number of
outstanding items.

I would like to thank Michael Schultheiss for his continued work as as
SPI Treasurer and to Martin Zobel-Helas who is making good progress
getting SPI's financial data into ledger (with the recent help of
Dimitri John Ledkov).

## Treasurer's report

(none)

