# Meeting agenda for Thursday 14th April, 2016

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Thursday,
April 14th, 2016, to be held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Martin Michlmayr)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Thursday, 10th March 2016](../../../minutes/2016/2016-03-10/)
      (Martin Michlmayr)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2016-03-17.jdd.1: OpenZFS as an associated project
   2. Resolution 2016-04-01.jdd.1: Glucosio as an associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: May 12th, 2016, 20:30 UTC

## President's report

(none)

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-03-17.jdd.1: OpenZFS as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. OpenZFS is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The OpenZFS developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. OpenZFS is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Matt Ahrens (matt@mahrens.org) is recognised by SPI as the authoritative
decision maker and SPI liaison for OpenZFS.  Successors will be appointed
or elected by Matt Ahrens.

If Matt Ahrens is unable to, the following community members should vote to
select a replacement: Brian Behlendorf (behlendorf1@llnl.gov), Justin Gibbs
(gibbs@freebsd.org), and George Wilson (wilzun@gmail.com). These community
leaders represent each of the key platforms for OpenZFS: Linux, FreeBSD,
and illumos respectively.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


## Resolution 2016-04-01.jdd.1: Glucosio as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Glucosio is a Free Software project.

2. The Glucosio developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Glucosio is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Benjamin Kerensa (benjamin@glucosio.org) is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Glucosio.  Successors
will be appointed or elected by members of the Glucosio project.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
