# Meeting agenda for Thursday 12th June, 2014

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Thursday,
June 12th, 2014, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jonathan McDowell)
6. Outstanding minutes
   3. [Thursday, 8th May 2014](../../../minutes/2014/2014-05-08/)
      (Jonathan McDowell)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1: Chakra as Associated Project
8. Any other business
9. Annual general meeting: July 10th, 2014, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

(none)

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
(pending)
</pre>

## Resolution 2014-03-20.rtb.1: Chakra as Associated Project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Chakra is a community based Linux distribution intended to provide a
full operating system primarily for desktop users and is a substantial and
significant Free Software project.  Chakra fosters, promotes and increases
access to software systems available to the general public and supports,
encourages and promotes the creation and development of software available
to the general public.

2. The Chakra developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including legal assistance, holding property and taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Chakra is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. H W Tovetjaern is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
and SPI liaison for Chakra.  In the event that H W Tovetjaern is
uncontactable, Neophytos Kolokotronis will take over as SPI liaison.
Future liaisons will be appointed in turn by the sitting project liaison,
or by a simple majority of existing Chakra developers.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
