20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < schultmc> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2020/2020-02-10/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> Tentative regrets have been received from fsf. tpot, do we have any other regrets?
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < tpot> Not that I have received
20:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:00 < tpot> TIm Potter
20:00 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:01 < lamby> Chris Lamb
20:01 < Snow-Man> (Do we drop the 'including board advisors' now..?)
20:01 < tpot> Yep
20:01 < tpot> Waiting for one more director...
20:01 < schultmc> updated script for future utilization
20:01 < Snow-Man> +1
20:02 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
20:03 < schultmc> pinged several directors on signal
20:04 < schultmc> we can wait a few minutes
20:04 * schultmc did see zumbi active a few hours ago
20:05 < schultmc> luca is on his way ETA 4mins
20:05 < zobel> errr.... when will i learn we are not meeting at 2200 CET, but 2100 CET?
20:05 < zobel> sorry for the delay.
20:06 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:06 < schultmc> no problem
20:06 < lamby> Hey zobel
20:06 < Snow-Man> hah, same issue I had..
20:06 < schultmc> we're quorate now - at least luca will also be joining shortly
20:06 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:06 < schultmc> SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, met with our new IT contractor at
20:06 < schultmc> FOSDEM earlier this month. We are finalizing the contract details
20:06 < schultmc> and hope to have him onboarded soon.
20:06 < schultmc> .
20:06 < schultmc> SPI's Merrill Lynch account opening has taken longer than expected
20:06 < schultmc> due to some additional paperwork needs. The wire transfer for the
20:06 < schultmc> opening balance was processed last week. Due to the higher rate
20:06 < schultmc> of return offered temporarily by Key Bank, our Merrill account is
20:06 < schultmc> starting out with a smaller amount than originally planned. We can
20:06 < schultmc> transfer additional funds once Key's promotional rate expires later
20:06 < schultmc> this year.
20:07 < schultmc> </done>
20:07 < Snow-Man> (Note that I'm waiting to hear back from him currently..  He was apparently going to see an accountant last Friday to get things set up)
20:08 < Snow-Man> We also got a response from NTPSec which I've been reviewing today.
20:08 < schultmc> Glad to see progress even if it's currently administrative
20:09 < schultmc> any additional questions/feedback?
20:09 < Snow-Man> schultmc: 3779 would be good to close :)
20:10 < schultmc> I'll take care of that shortly
20:10 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:10 < schultmc> zobel?
20:10 < lamby> ^ Perhaps I lost the thread but is the name of the IT contractor public?
20:10 < Snow-Man> perfect, thanks!
20:10 < Snow-Man> lamby: well, we aren't actually under contract with them as yet
20:11 < zobel> i need to admit i am not prepared at all, due to real life. but i can tell you that this will shortly change, as things are getting back to normal.
20:11 < zobel> i was completly MIA the last month.
20:11 * schultmc has a brief treasury team blurb available if that'd be helpful, zobel
20:11 < zobel> i need to sync with tbm and schultmc the next days.
20:12 < zobel> schultmc: go ahead.
20:12 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
20:12 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
20:12 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
20:12 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
20:12 < schultmc> .
20:13 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
20:13 < zobel> schultmc: thanks.
20:13  -!- auturgy <~auturgy@1.144.108.74> has joined #spi
20:13 < zobel> i plan to work heavly on tickets on thursday.
20:14 < lamby> Slightly OT but regarding treasury stuff so not sure when to mention it, now would very much be the time if we wanted to change how things work with respect to SPI and DebConf2020.
20:15 < tpot> Can we do this in the "any other business" section?
20:15 < tpot> Let's get the reports and minutes vote out of the way
20:15 < lamby> of course, apologies for poor meeting etiquette.
20:15 < tpot> np - just trying to keep things on track
20:16 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:16 < schultmc> tpot?
20:16 < tpot> I have completed and am up to date with all the minutes including the face to face.
20:16 < tpot> Still todo is following up on the action items generated at the f2f meeting.
20:16 < tpot> Hopefully that should not take long and I'll be contacting people individually to sort that out.
20:17 < tpot> .
20:17 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:17 < schultmc> The minutes for the November face-to-face meeting require approval as do the
20:17 < schultmc> minutes for the 2019-12-09 and 2020-01-13 board meetings..
20:17 < schultmc> They can be found at
20:17 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-11-22-f2f-new-york/
20:17 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-12-09/
20:17 < schultmc> and
20:17 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2020/2020-01-13/
20:17 < tpot> Any discussion on the Novemeber 2019 minutes?
20:18 < tpot> (f2f)
20:18 < tpot> Thanks to tbm for some style points and finding a cut&paste error.
20:19 < tpot> OK then
20:19 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (tpot,lamby,snow-man,schultmc,tridge,zobel,luca) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for Face-to-face meeting November 2019. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:19 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:19 < tpot> !vote yes
20:19 < lamby> !vote yes
20:19 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:20 < tridge> !abstain
20:20 < zobel> !vote yes
20:20 < tridge> !vote abstain
20:20 < zobel> but see my comment elsewhere.
20:21 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Face-to-face meeting November 2019": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( luca )
20:21 < tpot> luca?
20:22 < luca> no
20:22 < luca> !vote no
20:22 < luca> i wasn't there so i can't vote arguably
20:23 < tpot> I remember you being at the f2f
20:24 < tpot> We had an IRC meeting a few weeks before
20:25 < luca> sorry, misreadh f2f
20:25 < luca> !vote yes
20:25 < tpot> I could have named the agenda item better I think.
20:25 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Face-to-face meeting November 2019": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:25 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Face-to-face meeting November 2019": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:25 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for Face-to-face meeting November 2019" closed.
20:26 < tpot> Ok moving on - any discussion arising from the minutes for the 9th of December 2019?
20:27 < lamby> None here.
20:27 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (tpot,lamby,snow-man,schultmc,tridge,zobel,luca) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for Monday, 9th December 2019. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:27 < zobel> !vote yes
20:27 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:27 < luca> !vote yes
20:27 < tpot> !vote abstain
20:27 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:28 < tridge> !vote yes
20:28 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Monday, 9th December 2019": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( lamby )
20:29 < lamby> !vote yes
20:29 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Monday, 9th December 2019": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:29 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for Monday, 9th December 2019" closed.
20:29 < tpot> One more to go.
20:30 < tpot> Any discussion about minutes for meeting on the 13th of January?
20:30  -!- auturgy <~auturgy@1.144.108.74> has quit (Quit: auturgy)
20:31  -!- auturgy <~auturgy@1.144.108.74> has joined #spi
20:31 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (tpot,lamby,snow-man,schultmc,tridge,zobel,luca) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for Monday, 13th January 2020. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:31 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:31 < zobel> !vote abstain
20:31 < tpot> !vote yes
20:31 < luca> was i there?
20:31 < luca> !vote abstain
20:31 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:31 < tridge> !vote yes
20:31 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Monday, 13th January 2020": Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 1 ( lamby )
20:31 < lamby> !vote yes
20:31 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for Monday, 13th January 2020": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 0 ()
20:32 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for Monday, 13th January 2020" closed.
20:32 < tpot> OK thanks everyone!
20:32 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:32 < schultmc> None on the agenda
20:32 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:32 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:32 < Snow-Man> We might want to chat about Sam's email sometime?
20:32 < tpot> Apologies for not getting AWS cloud stuff happening. Was traveling withoyut access to my GPG setup so my requests for access were not believed.
20:32 < Snow-Man> At a high level, I think we've more-or-less agreed and have made other arrangements, should we bring that up with him..?
20:33 < tpot> I think we should let me know. The indicdent described did not work out well and he deserves a response.
20:34 < tpot> s/me/him/
20:34 < schultmc> I'm fine with mentioning the alternative to him and Debian has sufficient funds to cover the services assuming we can be invoiced separately.
20:34 < lamby> I agree, we definitely should send a response soon, if only to ACK...
20:34 < Snow-Man> alright.
20:34 < Snow-Man> I'll respond and mention the alternative.
20:35 < tpot> lamby, your previous item?
20:35 < lamby> Yep, not really a question per-se, but now would very much be the time if we wanted to change how things work with respect to SPI and DebConf 2020.
20:36 < auturgy> I have a couple of queries as Ardupilot rep that the Board has yet to respond to via email: Trademark progression and process for contracting a developer.
20:38 < tpot> who is working on those tickets?
20:38 < tpot> RT-2605
20:39 < tpot> Can we hand over to Marianne?
20:39 < lamby> Ah, another AOB: ganeti seem really keen.
20:40 < zobel> tpot: if you have a minute after the meeting, i do have a question re a mail i saw from you recently.
20:43 < tpot> Can we use our contractor documentation for ardupilot? RT-3735?
20:43 < schultmc> 2605 needs followup before it can be handed over. I can reach out.
20:44 < schultmc> we can share our standard contract but should check with legal counsel for advice on how to proceed.
20:45 < schultmc> there are steps that need to be followed in selecting a contractor
20:45 < tridge> what steps?
20:45 < Snow-Man> Let's chat w/ counsel regarding it
20:45 < Snow-Man> And we need to get a review of our contract also, imv.
20:46 < Snow-Man> So we should start there.  Once 3779 is done, I'll do that.
20:47 < tpot> OK sounds like there is a way forward on both items brought up by auturgy
20:47 < auturgy> Ok, great. What would be a reasonable timeframe for me to follow up?
20:47 < schultmc> auturgy: we should have more information by the next SPI board meeting, hopefully sooner
20:48 < tpot> schultmc? Snow-Man?
20:48 < auturgy> Ok, thanks
20:48 < schultmc> Anything further for any other business?
20:49 < lamby> None here.
20:49 < tpot> woot - OK thanks everyone!
20:49 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:49 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: March 9th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
20:49 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:49 < zobel> wfm
20:50 < Snow-Man> sounds good.
20:50 < lamby> wfm :)
20:50 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
