21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2020/2020-08-10/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < lamby> Chris Lamb
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to me if you wish your attendance to be
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < schultmc> tpot and zobel sent regrets. I'm not aware of any others.
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 < fsf_> Forrest Fleming
21:00  -!- fsf_ is now known as fsf
21:00 < lamby> (Evening all)
21:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
21:01 < schultmc> luca: ping
21:01  -!- fsf is now known as Guest5513
21:01 < schultmc> jconway: please state your name for the record
21:01 < jconway> Joe Conway here
21:01 < lamby> Hey joe
21:01 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
21:02 < schultmc> that's quorum
21:02  -!- Guest5513 is now known as fsf
21:02 < schultmc> zumbi can join later if he's available
21:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
21:02 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
21:02 < schultmc> continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and
21:02 < schultmc> legal counsel.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> Merill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
21:02 < schultmc> rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I'm working
21:02 < schultmc> with Stephen and Tim to finalize the paperwork this week.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:03 < schultmc> Stephen, do you have anything you would like to add?</done>
21:03 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
21:03 < Snow-Man> The biggest thing is that we will be migrating the website to new hosting here very soon(tm)
21:03 < Snow-Man> We want to check into some things that board members have reported regarding the new site (thanks!)
21:03 < Snow-Man> Once the main site has been migrated, we will move to migrating members and bringing that back up
21:04 < Snow-Man> I've got the database from noodles (thanks!) and we should have that back up real soon now(tm)
21:04 < Snow-Man> </done>
21:05 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:05 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to the July
21:05 < schultmc> Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted to complete SPI's
21:05 < schultmc> 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state filing). They have completed
21:05 < schultmc> the filings and have sent them to SPI for review before submission.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase for
21:05 < schultmc> assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael will
21:05 < schultmc> reach out again if he doesn't hear anything early this week.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
21:05 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
21:05 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
21:05 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
21:05 < schultmc> .
21:05 < schultmc> Any questions?
21:06 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:06 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:06 < schultmc> The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to the July
21:06 < schultmc> Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted to complete SPI's
21:06 < schultmc> 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state filing). They have completed
21:06 < schultmc> the filings and have sent them to SPI for review before submission.
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:06 < schultmc> Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase for
21:06 < schultmc> assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael will
21:06 < schultmc> reach out again if he doesn't hear anything early this week.
21:06 < schultmc> .
21:06 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
21:06 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
21:06 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
21:07 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
21:07 < schultmc> .
21:07 < schultmc> apologies for the duplication
21:07 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:07 < schultmc> tpot isn't here.
21:07 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:07 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2020-07-13 require approval but are not yet available.
21:07 < schultmc> They will be approved at a future meeting.
21:07 < schultmc> .
21:07 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:07 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Board election results]
21:07 < schultmc> The 2020 SPI board election has now completed and we are pleased to
21:07 < schultmc> announce the results as follows:
21:07 < schultmc> The following members are appointed to the SPI board:
21:07 < schultmc>  * Joe Conway (jconway)
21:07 < schultmc>  * Tim Potter (tpot)
21:07 < schultmc> The following members are thanked for running:
21:07 < schultmc>
21:07 < schultmc>  * Milan Kupcevic (milan)
21:07 < schultmc> Full results are available at:
21:07 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/votes/2020-board-election/
21:07 < schultmc> jconway: welcome to the SPI board
21:07 < schultmc> tpot: congratulations on your reelection
21:07 < schultmc> Thank you to milan for running as well.
21:08 < lamby> Congratulations and thanks to all.
21:08 < Snow-Man> yes, thanks to all, and congrats to those elected!
21:08 < jconway> thanks
21:08 < fsf> Congratulations, and welcome!
21:08 < schultmc> [item 7.2, Officer elections]
21:08 < schultmc> The August SPI board meeting features officer elections.
21:08 < schultmc> SPI officers consist of:
21:08 < schultmc> * President * Vice-President * Secretary * Treasurer
21:08 < schultmc>  The current officers are Michael Schultheiss (President),
21:08 < schultmc>  Stephen Frost (Vice President), Timothy Potter (Secretary),
21:08 < schultmc>  and Martin Zobel-Helas (Treasurer)
21:08 < schultmc> .
21:08 < schultmc> All current officers have expressed interest in re-running
21:08 < schultmc> for their current officer roles. Are any other SPI directors
21:08 < schultmc> interested in running for an officer position?
21:09 < fsf> I am not so interested
21:09 < lamby>  Not here
21:10 < lamby> At least, not this term. :)
21:10 < jconway> I am not interested at this time
21:10 < schultmc> zumbi or jconway?
21:10 < zumbi> Not interested either at this time
21:10 < schultmc> thank you for confirming your wishes
21:10 < schultmc> Voting started, 7 people (lamby,snow-man,fsf,zumbi,schultmc,luca,jconway) allowed to vote on Appoint Michael Schultheiss as President, Stephen Frost as Vice President, Timothy Potter as
21:10 < schultmc> Secretary and Martin Zobel-Helas as Treasurer. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:10 < lamby> !vote yes
21:10 < fsf> !vote yes
21:10 < luca> !vote yes
21:10 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:11 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:11 < zumbi> !vote yes
21:11 < jconway> !vote yes
21:11 < schultmc> Voting closed.
21:11 < schultmc> (I don't have the bot so insert appropriate footer)
21:11 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:11 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:12 < Snow-Man> .
21:12 < Snow-Man> I just wanted to express that I'm quite happy with how things are going with the contractors.
21:12 < lamby> :)
21:12 < Snow-Man> (and our legal counsel)
21:12 < Snow-Man> If anyone has any questions regarding that or our progress, please feel free to reach out to me.
21:13 < Snow-Man> I'm generally available on IRC here, or via email- sfrost@spi-inc.org
21:13 < Snow-Man> </done>
21:13 < schultmc> I've been very impressed with the responsiveness of our counsel.
21:14 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:14 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: September 14tg, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
21:14 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:14 < lamby> None here.
21:14 < schultmc> s/14tg/14th/g
21:14 < jconway> none here
21:14 < Snow-Man> good for me
21:15 < fsf> none here
21:15 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
