20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2020/2020-11-09/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < lamby> Chris Lamb
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:01 < schultmc> fsf: ping
20:01 < schultmc> Snow-Man: ping
20:01 < schultmc> luca: ping
20:01 < schultmc> zobel: ping
20:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
20:01 < schultmc> jconway: ping
20:01 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:01 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:02 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:02 < zumbi> (apologies for arriving late)
20:02 < schultmc> that's quorum - we can move on
20:03 < jconway> sorry: here now
20:04 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:04 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
20:04 < schultmc> contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic
20:04 < schultmc> job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
20:04 < schultmc> .
20:04 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:04 < schultmc> Merill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
20:04 < schultmc> rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I hope to have
20:04 < schultmc> the paperwork finalized early this week - it's mostly complete at this time.
20:04 < schultmc> .
20:04 < schultmc> Stephen, do you have anything you would like to add?</done>
20:04 < Snow-Man> I can say that we're >< this close to having the members site back up and running
20:04  -!- danvet_ <~Daniel@2a02:168:57f4:0:efd0:b9e5:5ae6:c2fa> has quit (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
20:05 < tpot> awesome!
20:05 < Snow-Man> We were able to put up a beta site, get that tested and commented on from folks who are familiar with it, and now we just need to deploy the prod site
20:05 < Snow-Man> (it's all been automated, pretty much, with ansible)
20:05 < Snow-Man> We also had to spend some time working to get RT back to a working state, but I believe it is now
20:06 < Snow-Man> if you've had trouble using our RT system of late, please give it a try now
20:06 < lamby> Nice.
20:06 < Snow-Man> We will be working on migrating RT soon, probably even next (though there's some question about possibly moving other services off of the system where RT is hosted now, to allow RT to continue to function a bit longer where it is, as it's a very complicated thing to move)
20:07 < Snow-Man> I had followed-up with some questions around getting ledger access to those asking for it but hadn't heard back
20:07 < Snow-Man> but that might have been due to RT- if so, my apologies about that.
20:07 < Snow-Man> I'll follow up again.
20:07 < Snow-Man> Think that's all I have- happy to answer any questions.
20:08 < Snow-Man> We did get a recent ask regarding legal counsel- I'll be responding to that soon too.
20:08 < Snow-Man> .
20:09 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:09 < schultmc> zobel isn't currently here.
20:09 < schultmc> .
20:09 < schultmc> The audit of SPI's 2019 financial statements was completed prior to the July
20:09 < schultmc> Annual General Meeting. The auditing firm is also contracted to complete SPI's
20:09 < schultmc> 990 (federal tax filing) and CHAR500 (New York state filing). They have completed
20:09 < schultmc> the filings and have sent them to SPI for review before submission.
20:09 < schultmc> Martin Michlmayr and I are reviewing the filings and will submit them to the IRS
20:09 < schultmc> .
20:09 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
20:09 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
20:09 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
20:09 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
20:09 < schultmc> .
20:10 < schultmc> any questions?
20:10 < fsf> none from me
20:10 < zumbi> none here
20:10 < jconway> none here
20:10 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:10 < schultmc> tpot?
20:11 < tpot> The website has been updated to remove Jenkins and add ns-3 as an associated project. There are still a few tweaks to be done to the ns-3 page but I have the information for that in hand.
20:12 < Snow-Man> schultmc: can you handle the documents asked for wrt Jenkins..?
20:12 < tpot> Have made some good progress with X.org towards transferring some domain names across to Gandi. Hopefully the process will be streamlined as more domains are moved across.
20:12 < tpot> .
20:12 < schultmc> Snow-Man: yes - I'll take care of that
20:12 < Snow-Man> great, thanks.
20:12 < Snow-Man> tpot: awesome, thanks.
20:14 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:14 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2020-10-12 require approval.
20:14 < schultmc> .
20:14 < schultmc> They can be found at
20:14 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2020/2020-10-12/
20:14 < schultmc> .
20:14 < tpot> I will give people a minute or so to look over them if they haven't already.
20:15 < tpot> Voting started, 6 people (schultmc,tpot,snow-man,lamby,zumbi,jconway) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th October 2020. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:16 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:16 < lamby> !vote yes
20:16 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:16 < tpot> !vote yes
20:16 < jconway> !vote yes
20:16 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:16 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th October 2020": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:16 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th October 2020": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:16 < fsf> !vote yes
20:16 < tpot> Thanks everyone
20:16 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting Monday 12th October 2020" closed.
20:17 < fsf> I note that I'm not listed as an "allowed user" in the vote message
20:17 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:17 < schultmc> Nothing on agenda
20:17 < schultmc> .
20:17 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:17 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:17 < tpot> oh whoops - my fault
20:17 < tpot> I will ensure your vote is represented in the results in the minutes.
20:18 < fsf> Thanks tpot!
20:18 < zumbi> I got a topic or two up for discussion
20:18 < schultmc> zumbi: go ahead, please
20:18 < zumbi> Actually, do we plan to do online F2F? If not, do we want to do a board rt queue sprint someday?
20:19 < tpot> Yes I was going to mention that after you were done!
20:19 < schultmc> I think an online F2F would be very beneficial
20:19 < tpot> We have an opportunity to spread things out a bit and not ecessarily run it back to back over a couple of days.
20:19 < Snow-Man> f2f would be good, +1 to that
20:19 < schultmc> we've also done a f2f in February in the past if we're unable to get anything scheduled before the end of the year
20:19 < tpot> If that's what people want of course.
20:20 < tpot> Can I get a general indication of which days/times people would be interested in?
20:20 < schultmc> a dedicated block of time has been helpful in the past
20:20 < jconway> how much time are we talking about?
20:20 < tpot> In the past we have done two full days in-person, with one or two part-time days for sprints of various kinds
20:21 < jconway> main thing I would need is enough advance notice to clear my calendar at $work
20:21 < Snow-Man> given timezones and such, 'whole days' is unlikely to really make sense anyway though ...
20:21 < Snow-Man> I'd suggest we look at figuring out a few days where we can do a 4 hour block
20:21 < tpot> But if we don't have to travel we can be more flexible and have a few evening sessions over Zoom or something like that.
20:22 < fsf> I'm in the same boat as jconway: I can make many things work and just need notice to clear the work calendar
20:22 < tpot> OK I will put together a selection of morning/afternoon/evening blocks in a survey and sent out.
20:22 < tpot> Any preference for days vs weekends?
20:22 < schultmc> +1
20:22 < zumbi> weekend would be best for me
20:23 < schultmc> I can make any day work depending on the timing
20:23 < jconway> weekend if fine by me, or afternoon eastern US time
20:23 < tpot> Great! Any other comments please send via board@ or secretary@
20:23 < Snow-Man> afternoons US/eastern typically make more sense to me
20:23 < jconway> I can do morning US time too just generally more challenging
20:23 < schultmc> at least 3 of us are US Eastern
20:23 < Snow-Man> I could also do some weekends- depends which ones tho
20:24 < tpot> back to you zumbi
20:24 < schultmc> zumbi: did you have a second point to bring up? seems like we will have further discussion on the online f2f outside of the meeting
20:24 < zumbi> We could do a weekday and a weekend day
20:25 < lamby> That's not a bad idea.
20:25 < zumbi> so I am done with questions, that was it
20:25 < schultmc> anyone else have something to discuss?
20:25 < jesusalva> Ehm, can I ask a question about 2020-09-14 minutes?
20:25 < Snow-Man> (followed up on the 2 items I mentioned above, just fyi)
20:26 < schultmc> tpot: jesusalva has a question on the 2020-09-14 minutes
20:26 < tpot> go ahead
20:26 < zumbi> the 2 topics were: f2f and clean board queue
20:26 < zumbi> .
20:26 < jesusalva> Sascha Lucas (sasluc) from the Ganeti project is mentioned on the minutes but registered guests list is blank
20:26 < jesusalva> Wanted to know if it is on purpose or just human error
20:26 < tpot> Did I leave out you as a guest for that meeting?
20:26 < jesusalva> (Yes)
20:27 < jesusalva> (But I'm not important :p)
20:27 < tpot> no worries - I'll update this
20:27 < tpot> my apologies for leaving you both off the official minutes
20:27 < zumbi> I do not agree, as long as you pay attention to detail, that's important :)
20:28 < tpot> I blame my poor note taking for the error and have a new system now.
20:30 < schultmc> any other business to bring up?
20:30 < Snow-Man> I would just ask folks to please pay attention to the board@ emails
20:30 < Snow-Man> and respond. :)
20:30 < lamby> None here.
20:30 < jconway> none here
20:30 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:30 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: December 14th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
20:30 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:31 < zumbi> none here
20:31 < lamby> Although... are we having deliverability issues to board@? I think I'm getting everything, but, obviously I perhaps wouldn't know.
20:31 < fsf> No objections here
20:31 < Snow-Man> wfm
20:31  -!- tpot changed the topic of #spi to: Next SPI board meeting is on December 14th, 2020, 20:00 UTC on #spi. Agenda: https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2020/2020-12-14/
20:31 < jconway> wfm
20:31 < Snow-Man> lamby: I just sent a few in the past 15m, lmk if you didn't get them.
20:31 < schultmc> board@ is mailman - board members can check the archive to make sure they're receiving messages
20:31 < lamby> I've got them, thanks. Maybe it's third-parties, so I will cross-reference your replies to their originals and confirm they are there.
20:31 < lamby> schultmc: Ah, even more useful. I will do this.
20:31 < Snow-Man> lamby: ok.
20:32 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
