20:06 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:06 < schultmc> .
20:06 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:06 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:06 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:07 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2024/2024-03-11/
20:07 < schultmc> .
20:07 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:07 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:07 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:07 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:07 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:07 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to zv if you wish your attendance to be
20:07 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:07 < jesusalva> Jonatas L. Nogueira
20:07 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:07 < schultmc> .
20:07 < schultmc> zv, do we have any regrets?
20:07 < schultmc> .
20:07 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:07 < fungi> jeremy stanley
20:07 < zv> I haven't been able to check my SPI email today but as of last
20:07 < zv> night I don't recall any formal regrets. Possibly Stephen.
20:07 < zv> .
20:07 < schultmc> That's quorum - I know Snow-Man is unable to join us today
20:07 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:07 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:07 < schultmc> I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
20:07 < schultmc> investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They drafted new 
20:07 < schultmc> paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
20:07 < schultmc> that paperwork signed and submitted shortly.
20:07 < schultmc> .
20:07 < schultmc> Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.
20:07 < schultmc> .
20:07 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
20:07 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
20:08 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
20:08 < schultmc> .
20:08 < schultmc> </done>
20:08 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:08 < schultmc> zumbi?
20:08 < zumbi> No major updates during February, 2024. There are pending payments that will be processed over the week.
20:08 < zumbi> .
20:08 < zumbi> </done>
20:09 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:09 < schultmc> zv?
20:09 < zv> I don't have any updates to report regarding a face-to-face.
20:09 < zv> I am setting aside time to do that ASAP.
20:09 < zv> .
20:09 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:09 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2024-02-12 meeting require approval.
20:09 < schultmc> They are available at https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-02-12/
20:09 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva,milan,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 12 February, 2024. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:09 < zv> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> !vote yes
20:09 < jconway> !vote yes
20:09 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:09 < milan> !vote yes
20:09 < fungi> !vote yes
20:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:10 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
20:10 < fsf> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 12 February, 2024": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:10 < fsf> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Monday 12 February, 2024" closed.
20:10 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:10 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Gentoo Linux as an associated project]
20:10 < schultmc> fungi?
20:10 < fungi> Gentoo Linux is currently hosted by Gentoo Foundation, Inc., a non-profit corporation registered in New Mexico, USA since 2004 under the provisions of the New Mexico Nonprofit Corporation Act, Section 53-8-1, et seq., N.M.S.A. 1978 (no tax exemption status with the USA IRS). It has a Board of Trustees consisting of seven members and officers elected from the Gentoo Linux developers by the Gentoo
20:10 < fungi> Foundation, Inc. membership. Based on prior discussions with the trustees, the Gentoo Foundation is looking to transfer Gentoo Linux and its assets and contracts to SPI.
20:10 < fungi> Since 2005, Gentoo Linux is governed by the Gentoo Council, a representative body elected by Gentoo Linux developers. The SPI Liaison for Gentoo Linux is chosen by a vote of the Gentoo Council, along with selecting a deputy who can act as an interim SPI Liaison in cases where the chosen liaison is unavailable (either due to an announced absence or inactivity as identified by the Gentoo Council).
20:10 < fungi> The current Gentoo Foundation president and treasurer, Robin Johnson, has been identified as the initial SPI Liaison for Gentoo Linux, while Gentoo Council member and Gentoo Foundation trustee Andreas K. Hüttel will serve as the initial deputy liaison.
20:10 < fungi> I am sponsoring Gentoo Linux's application.
20:11 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva,milan,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Accept Gentoo Linux as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:11 < fungi> !vote yes
20:11 < zv> !vote yes
20:11 < fsf> !vote yes
20:11 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:11 < jconway> !vote yes
20:11 < milan> !vote yes
20:11 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:11 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:12 < fsf> Current voting results for "Accept Gentoo Linux as an associated project": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:12 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:12 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:12 < fsf> Voting for "Accept Gentoo Linux as an associated project" closed.
20:12 < jesusalva> Yes
20:12 < jesusalva> Considering the exceptional situation of Open Collective Foundation sunset and its specificities and timelines, I'll be submitting Rocket (RWF2) for an email vote, ruled by https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-15.dbg.1/
20:12 < jesusalva> I plan is doing 168 hours of discussion and 168 hours of vote (so two weeks) instead of the proposed 48 hours of discussion and 120 hours of vote (one week) proposed by said resolution
20:13 < zv> Has this project stated a need for expedited approval?
20:13 < jesusalva> Prior to April 1st due to Stripe, yes
20:13 < jesusalva> (If anyone believes this should be done differently, do say before I send the email today at 21:00 UTC sharply)
20:13 < fungi> they have expressed concerns over cessation of fund intake
20:13 < jesusalva> Yes
20:13 < zv> OK.
20:14 < fsf> I have no objections to the altered timeline - the resolution specifies minimums, so we're good to have discussion/voting open for longer
20:14 < fungi> yeah, no objection on my part
20:14 < schultmc> Sounds prudent to me
20:14 < fsf> Thank you for ensuring timely action on this, jesusalva 
20:14 < fungi> ocf unfortunately did not provide their projects with much warning
20:15 < schultmc> Anything else to discuss?
20:15 < fungi> i have nothing
20:16 < zumbi> nothing from my side either
20:16 < zumbi> neither*
20:16 < zv> fungi (and Gentoo folks) please involve me as needed for onboarding steps
20:16 < fungi> zv: gladly, thanks!
20:16 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:16 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: April 8, 2024 at 2000 UTC.
20:16 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:16 < schultmc> Works for me
20:16 < milan> Sounds good
20:16 < fungi> i should be able to make that, thanks
20:17 < jconway> wfm
20:17 < zumbi> it is holiday here, but you can proceed if I am busy
20:17 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
