20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2024/2024-12-09/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to zv if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> zv, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < zv> Tentative or actual regrets from Michael, Jeremy, Jonatas, and Joe.
20:00 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < schultmc> IIRC my regrets were for last meeting
20:01 < Jesusalva[m]> Jonatas L Nogueira
20:01 < schultmc> we have 8 board members present and are quorate - Katie can join us later if she's available
20:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:02 < schultmc> Martin, Héctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2023
20:02 < schultmc> financial statements audited. We are worked with the auditing firm
20:02 < schultmc> on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. Our Federal filing
20:02 < schultmc> was filed and our New York State filing is being filed ASAP.
20:02 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> jesusalva, do you have anything you would like to add?
20:02 < schultmc> </done>
20:02 < Jesusalva[m]> Sec
20:02 < Jesusalva[m]> Honoring SPI Board Email vote performed in late November, I and the existing contractors are working on Kassia's onboarding. Kassia will be, until March 31st, our administrative assistant / projects manager / board aide.
20:02 < Jesusalva[m]> We expect to reduce the workload over our other officers and contractors, and to enable SPI staff to focus in several complex tasks we've been postponing for years.
20:02 < Jesusalva[m]> I also want to thank to Jeremy Stanley for his continued help handling prospective projects correspondence and membership applications.
20:02 < Jesusalva[m]> </done>
20:03 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:03 < schultmc> zumbi?
20:03 < zumbi> Payments queue has been cleared a couple weeks ago, but it is filling up quickly, we'll continue with payments over the upcoming weeks. Current status is good.
20:03 < zumbi> Creating Steam account is still pending, we have all that is needed now and we'll attempt to create it o
20:03 < zumbi> ver the upcoming week(s).
20:03 < zumbi> This is last month of the year, submit any pending reimbursements as soon as possible.
20:03 < zumbi> Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including president, vice-president and contractors.
20:03 < zumbi> .
20:03 < zumbi> </done>
20:03 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:03 < schultmc> zv?
20:03 < zv> I am a bit behind on updating the website for last month's
20:03 < zv> meeting logs and minutes. An email was sent out with the agenda.
20:03 < zv> .
20:03 < zv> F2F meeting planing has resumed. I hope to have proposals sent
20:03 < zv> to the board for review by the end of the year. If anyone has
20:03 < zv> strong opinions about this please share them with me.
20:03 < zv> </>
20:04 < zv> s/planing/planning
20:04 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:04 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2024-11-11 meeting require approval
20:04 < schultmc> and will be voted on at our next meeting.
20:04 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:04 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Whisper as an associated project SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1]
20:04 < schultmc> Jesusalva[m]?
20:04 -!- mappx [~mapp@104-192-232-78.ppp.storm.ca] has joined #spi
20:05 < zv> mappx: please state your name
20:05 < mappx> Katie
20:05 < zv> full
20:05 < mappx> Katie McMillan
20:05 < zv> thank you
20:05 < Jesusalva[m]> I believe we sufficiently discussed it via email, but if there remains further questions, dbrotsky is around to answer them.
20:06 < fsf> Shall we vote then?
20:06 < Jesusalva[m]> If no one has any questions or concerns
20:07 < fsf> I'll wait another minute or two to ensure that none are forthcoming, and then will start the vote if there are no objections to that
20:09 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:09 < zv> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> !vote yes
20:09 < fungi> !vote yes
20:09 < jconway> !vote yes
20:09 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:09 < milan> !vote yes
20:09 < mappx> !vote yes
20:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> Current voting results for "Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( jesusalva[m] )
20:09 < fsf> Voting for "Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1" closed.
20:09 < fsf> Whoops, sorry Jesusalva[m], I miscounted. Please state your vote so it can be recorded
20:10 < milan> fsf: I'm not included in vote
20:10 < fsf> Ah, that's what the problem was. I'll re-run it.
20:11 < fsf> Voting started, 9 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,milan,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:11 < fsf> !vote yes
20:11 < zv> !vote yes
20:11 < jconway> !vote yes
20:11 < milan> !vote yes
20:11 < mappx> !vote yes
20:11 < schultmc> !VOTE YES
20:11 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:11 < fungi> !vote yes
20:11 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:11 < schultmc> (incase the bot is case sensitive)
20:11 < zv> love the enthusiasm
20:11 < schultmc> heh
20:12 < fsf> I'll give Jesusalva[m] a minute or two and then will close, he mentioned partial availability and his name denotes mobile so *shrug*
20:12 < schultmc> tbh, I am enthusiastic about the public interest bona fides of this project
20:13 < fsf> Me too! It seems much more aligned with our naive image, if not our history. And personally speaking, it's what drew me to the org in the first place
20:13 < fsf> Current voting results for "Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( jesusalva[m] )
20:13 < fsf> Voting for "Whisper as an associated project, SPI resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1" closed.
20:14 < Jesusalva[m]> !vote yea
20:14 < zv> I will amend this ^
20:14 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:14 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:14 < mappx> I am curious as to why zumbi abstained
20:14 < Jesusalva[m]> Matrix is horrible XD
20:14 < fungi> (matrix is really not bad, but the matrix-oftc bridge struggles a bit)
20:15 < zumbi> mappx: I abstained because I am not up to date with latest discussions
20:15 < mappx> okay, fair
20:16 < Jesusalva[m]> Nothing from me at the present, at least not without sorting a dozen emails first
20:17 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:17 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: January 13, 2025 at 2000 UTC.
20:17 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:17 < schultmc> Works for me
20:17 < milan> None here
20:18 < fungi> i'm free then
20:18 < fsf> Should work for me
20:18 < mappx> fine for me
20:18 < zumbi> I shall be not available that day
20:18 < Jesusalva[m]> It's beyond my horizon of predictability
20:20 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
