20:00 < schultmc1> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc1> .
20:00 < schultmc1> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc1> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc1> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc1> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2024/2024-02-12/
20:00 < schultmc1> .
20:00 < schultmc1> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc1> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc1> Guests, please /msg your names to zv if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < schultmc1> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc1> .
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:00 < schultmc1> zv, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < schultmc1> .
20:00 -!- schultmc1 is now known as schultmc
20:00 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < zv> Regrets: Stephen, Joe, and Jonatas
20:01 < zv> I see jconway is able to attend.
20:01 < jconway> I am here (but multitasking)
20:01 < schultmc> Thank you everyone attending so we're able to be quorate
20:01 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < schultmc> I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
20:01 < schultmc> investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They drafted new 
20:01 < schultmc> paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
20:01 < schultmc> that paperwork signed and submitted shortly.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
20:01 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
20:01 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Per Treasury team request, I'm working with Merrill Lynch to rebalance some of our accounts and should have that done this week.
20:02 < schultmc> </done>
20:03 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:03 < schultmc> zumbi?
20:04 < zumbi> Most payments are processed. We should start evaluating the reimbursement system in the upcoming month. We are also closing books for the past year.
20:04 < zumbi> .
20:04 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:04 < schultmc> zv?
20:05 < zv> I have sent the 2024 Conflict of Interest Form directly to board
20:05 < zv> members whose previous policy has either expired or will expire
20:05 < zv> within the next few months. Please let me know if you did not
20:05 < zv> receive this and if you haven't submitted one within ~12 months.
20:05 < zv> .
20:05 < zv> Face-to-face meeting planning is in progress but there is no
20:05 < zv> update since the last meeting.
20:05 < zv> .
20:05 < zv> (done)
20:05 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:05 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2024-01-08 meeting require approval.
20:05 < schultmc> They are available at https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-01-08/
20:05 < fsf> Voting started, 7 people ( fsf,fungi,jconway,milan,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 8 January, 2024. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:06 < fungi> !vote yes
20:06 < zv> !vote yes
20:06 < jconway> !vote yes
20:06 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:06 < milan> !vote yes
20:06 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:06 < fsf> !vote yes
20:06 < fsf> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 8 January, 2024": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 (  fsf )
20:06 < fsf> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Monday 8 January, 2024" closed.
20:06 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:06 < schultmc> Nothing on agenda
20:06 < schultmc> .
20:06 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:06 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:06 < zumbi> Nothing from me
20:06 < zv> I will amend the vote, it was 7 yes
20:06 < fsf> well that's odd, but please let the record reflect my yes vote
20:06 < fsf> Ah, thank you zv! Sorry for the error
20:08 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:08 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: March 11, 2024 at 2000 UTC.
20:08 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:08 < zv> none here
20:08 < fsf> None here
20:08 < schultmc> Works for me
20:08 < fungi> works for me, thanks
20:08 < milan> no
20:08 < jconway> +1
20:08 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
