[missing *GAVEL* // ~zv]
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2024/2024-11-11/
20:00 -!- milan [~milan@000268e7.user.oftc.net] has joined #spi
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to zv if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> zv, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < zumbi> Héctor  Orón Martínez
20:00 < zv> No official regrets.
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:01 < mappx> Katie McMillan
20:01 < zv> Only theoretical ones.
20:01 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:01 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:01 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:01 < schultmc> That's quorum - other board members may join if they're available
20:01 < Jesusalva[m]> I see schultmc here, so I assume he sorted it out?
20:01 < schultmc> Jesusalva[m]: yes
20:01 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:01 < zv> Jesusalva[m]: are you present or absent?
20:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:02 < schultmc> Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2023
20:02 < schultmc> financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
20:02 < schultmc> on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. Our Federal filing
20:02 < schultmc> has been submitted and our New York State filing will be filed shortly.
20:02 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> jesusalva, do you have anything you would like to add?
20:03 < schultmc> We can come back to Jesusalva[m] if he's available
20:03 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:03 < schultmc> zumbi?
20:04 < zumbi> Due to personal issues, there are some payments delayed, however, I expect to have more time again after a week.
20:04 < zumbi> It is much appreciated the work by president, vice-president and contractor to keep up the good state of accounting and payments. Thanks to the team for all the support.
20:04 < zumbi> If any delay affects you, please reach out and we'll prioritize it. Thanks for your understanding.
20:04 < zumbi> .
20:04 < zumbi> </done>
20:04 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:04 < schultmc> zv?
20:04 < zv> I am awaiting the 2024-10-14 Treasurer report.
20:04 < zv> I am awaiting the 2024-09-09 Treasurer report.
20:04 < zv> .
20:04 < zv> I will have a fairly comprehensive F2F meeting plan prepared
20:04 < zv> this week for review.
20:04 < zv> .
20:04 < zv> Thanks for your continued patience.
20:04 < zv> .
20:04 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:04 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2024-10-14 meeting require approval.
20:04 < schultmc> They can be found at 
20:04 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-10-14/ 
20:05 < Jesusalva[m]> Jonatas L. Nogueira
20:05 < zumbi> zv: please use:
20:05 < zumbi> 202409-10
20:05 < zumbi> Processed pending payments in the queue. Updated accounting books with latest statements.
20:05 < zumbi> Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including president, vice-president and contractors.
20:05 < Jesusalva[m]> Sorry, internet is bad
20:05 < fsf> Jesusalva would you liketo be included in the vote?
20:05 < zumbi> .
20:05 < zumbi> </done>
20:05 < zv> pause pending VP report
20:05 < Jesusalva[m]> OpenVAS disassociation, pending since 2018, is finally complete.... (full message at <https://matrix.org/oftc/media/v1/media/download/Ab6eIAG5QRioJrxqn7xMal4vv3ShVXeYGsb0IOtY4VXfQiTafr99lJebKQ-7hlDv40xdN4eOg-l9cUtKDfDJqEtCeTZO4UjAAG1hdHJpeC5vcmcvY2VxWklPRHlYYWd5cmtRY2t6V1Nacnpy>)
20:05 < Jesusalva[m]> </done>
20:06 < zv> for completeness the translation is:
20:06 < zv> ---
20:06 < zv> OpenVAS disassociation, pending since 2018, is finally complete.
20:06 < zv> *
20:06 < zv> I have also written a FAQ for some Treasury-related questions which projects often have. It'll soon be available on SPI's website.
20:06 < zv> SPI is still working on ways to make easier for project liaisons to check how the project funds are doing, to share them with their community should they wish, and to spend said funds.
20:06 < zv> *
20:06 < zv> I also want to thank to Jeremy Stanley for his continued help handling prospective projects correspondence and membership applications.
20:06 < zv> ---
20:07 < zv> I will assume Jesusalva[m] is present (registered) for the meeting and wishes to participate in the vote(s).
20:07 < zv> let's proceed with a vote.
20:07 < schultmc> +1
20:07 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 14 October 2024. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:07 < fungi> he did roll call at 20:05 above
20:07 < fungi> !vote abstain
20:07 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:07 < zv> !vote yes
20:07 < jconway> !vote yes
20:07 < fsf> !vote yes
20:07 < mappx> !vote yes
20:07 < Jesusalva[m]> !vote abstain
20:07 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:08 < fsf> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 14 October 2024": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 3, Missing: 0 ()
20:08 < fsf> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Monday 14 October 2024" closed.
20:08 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:08 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project SPI resolution 2024-11-06.ms.2]
20:09 < Jesusalva[m]> Yes, it was pending since 2018, but this week we concluded the domain sale.
20:09 < schultmc> Jesusalva[m], Perdu and I met with Jan from Greenbone last week and came to an agreement on the final outstanding task for disassociating OpenVAS.
20:09 < Jesusalva[m]> Technically they're already disassociated but Board must vote
20:10 < Jesusalva[m]> (Also; Matrix is awful to send messages)
20:10 < zv> shall we proceed w/ a vote then?
20:10 < fungi> the oftc matrix bridge sometimes lags badly, i've heard
20:10 < schultmc> yes please
20:10 < Jesusalva[m]> +1
20:10 -!- jesusalva [~androirc@2804:18:10c:132:b9d7:2f9f:455c:c8de] has joined #spi
20:11 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-06.ms.2 - Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:11 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:11 < fungi> !vote yes
20:11 < fsf> !vote yes
20:11 < zv> !vote yes
20:11 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:11 < mappx> !vote yes
20:11 < jconway> !vote yes
20:11 -!- jesusalva is now known as Guest9126
20:11 -!- Guest9126 is now known as Jes2
20:11 < Jesusalva[m]>  ! vote yes
20:11 < Jesusalva[m]> !vote yes
20:11 < fsf> Current voting results for "Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-06.ms.2 - Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:11 < fsf> Voting for "Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-06.ms.2 - Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project" closed.
20:12 -!- Jes2 is now known as jesusalva_
20:12 < schultmc> [item 7.2, Rigs of Rods as an associated project SPI resolution 2024-11-11.js.1]
20:12 < fungi> The Rigs of Rods project ( https://www.rigsofrods.org/ ) is applying to become an SPI Associated Project, and is interested in the following services: Accepting donations and holding funds, pay for project expenses (incl. transfer of existing contracts), holding substantial assets, holding intangible assets, signing contracts (incl. existing sponsorship agreements), accounting and auditing, legal
20:12 < fungi> assistance (incl. seeking trademark protection).
20:12 < fungi> Rigs of Rods is currently not hosted by or affiliated with any formal organization, its existing expenses are paid out of pocket and service contracts (Digital Ocean, Weblate) are entered into personally by volunteer staff and project leadership. It has a designated project leader who makes key decisions for major project direction, as well as a group of core maintainers acting on behalf of the
20:12 < fungi> project leader. Based on prior discussion with Rafael Galvan, a core maintainer, community administrator, IT administrator, and part of the decision-making body within the project staff, Rigs of Rods is ready to start leveraging more formal avenues for funding the resources on which their community relies. Rafael Galvan would serve as the initial SPI Liaison for Rigs of Rods, with future successors
20:12 < fungi> appointed by the project leader.
20:13 < zv> I am happy to proceed with a vote. Anyone have questions before doing so?
20:13 < fsf> Is ".js.1" correct above? Or should it be ".ms.1" ?
20:13 < zv> ah, thanks. can amend that.
20:13 < jesusalva_> Jeremy Stanley
20:13 < jesusalva_> ?
20:13 < zv> correct as written?
20:13 < fungi> yes, i thought we used our initials on resolutions
20:13 < fungi> for disambiguation
20:14 < jesusalva_> OpenVas is ms, Ring of Rods is js
20:14 < fungi> my initials are "js"
20:14 < schultmc> ms.2 should be ms.1 iirc since I don't have another resolution for that date
20:14 < jesusalva_> Yes
20:14 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-11.js.1 - Accept Rigs of Rods as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:14 < zv> !vote yes
20:14 < fungi> !vote yes
20:14 -!- zentro_ [~Srain@216.60.188.47] has joined #spi
20:14 < Jesusalva[m]> !vote yes
20:14 < jconway> !vote yes
20:14 < mappx> !vote yes
20:14 < fsf> !vote yes
20:14 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:15 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:15 < fsf> Current voting results for "Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-11.js.1 - Accept Rigs of Rods as an associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:15 < fsf> Voting for "Approve SPI resolution 2024-11-11.js.1 - Accept Rigs of Rods as an associated project" closed.
20:15 < jesusalva_> I submitted another agenda item
20:15 < zumbi> Note: voted abstain since I was not able to review the application.
20:15 < jesusalva_> But it wasn't on website agenda?
20:15 < zv> zumbi: justification not required.
20:16 < zv> jesusalva_: I missed it then
20:16 < zv> what is it?
20:16 < jesusalva_> I wanted to resubmit September proposal
20:16 < jesusalva_> To contract an additional pair of hands for a determined amount of time
20:17 < fungi> or, rather submit a somewhat revised version of the earlier proposal, it seemed like?
20:17 < jesusalva_> We're horribly understaffed, three payments were made after defaulting, etc etc etc
20:17 < jesusalva_> fungi yes I tried to address some feedback
20:17 < jesusalva_> Largely minor changes
20:18 < jesusalva_> The changes are all listed on email
20:18 < zv> jesusalva_: was there a date/subject for the email where you requested to re-submit this for review for a vote today?
20:19 < jesusalva_> Nov 4 23:18
20:19 < zv> Mon, 4 Nov 2024 20:18:13 -0300 (11/04/2024 05:18:13 PM)
20:19 < zv> "November 11th 2024 Meeting Agenda
20:19 < zv> "
20:19 < zv> got it.
20:20 < jesusalva_> Are there further questions about it?
20:21 < zumbi> did I understand correct that this term is for 4 months for a start?
20:21 < jesusalva_> Yes, I didn't want it to overlap with elections, F2F, etc
20:21 < jesusalva_> And to end in Q1
20:21 < zumbi> this sounds good to me, thanks for working on it
20:21 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (fsf,fungi,jconway,jesusalva[m],mappx,schultmc,zumbi,zv) allowed to vote on Approve SPI Contractor as per "Board Aid Draft - new proposal.pdf". - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:22 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:22 < Jesusalva[m]> !vote yes
20:22 < fungi> !vote yes
20:22 < jconway> !vote yes
20:22 < fsf> !vote yes
20:22 < mappx> !vote yes
20:22 < zv> !vote yes [on the condition this passes Legal and is for one 4-month term]
20:22 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:22 < fsf> Current voting results for "Approve SPI Contractor as per "Board Aid Draft - new proposal.pdf"": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( zv )
20:22 < fsf> Voting for "Approve SPI Contractor as per "Board Aid Draft - new proposal.pdf"" closed.
20:23 < fsf> Let the record reflect zv's conditional vote not automatically accounted for in the summary
20:23 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:23 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:23 < jesusalva_> Two minor things
20:24 < jesusalva_> #15620 needs action
20:24 < zumbi> fsf: condition is irrelevant since unconditional votes are superior in number than conditioned ones.
20:25 < jesusalva_> And most directors haven't replied me about Whisper project association, which makes harder to understand if we need to involve SPI CM or not
20:25 < zumbi> ... and it is part of the process to apply that condition anyway.
20:25 < fsf> Yes zumbi, but the fact that it was counted as a non-vote is not irrelevant :)
20:25 < jesusalva_> Yes and yes
20:25 < fsf> Well, it is to the overall outcome. But not to the record :shrug:
20:25 < schultmc> jesusalva_: I'll take care of 15620 today
20:26 -!- milan [~milan@000268e7.user.oftc.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
20:26 -!- milan [~milan@000268e7.user.oftc.net] has joined #spi
20:26 < jesusalva_> Thanks
20:26 < schultmc> FYI, I've been going through treasurer-ap, that ticket was still in treasurer-incoming
20:26 < fsf> Should we take a vote re: if we need to engage the CM? Or better to hash out off-list?
20:26 < fsf> sorry, on-list, as in not-on-irc
20:27 < jesusalva_> I feel we can vote, if uncertain then vote to involve CM?
20:27 < fungi> after further discussion via board e-mail i've come to the conclusion that i'd vote in favor of whisper's association. the software they're writing is free/libre open source, even if they depend on things that currently are not. but also bringing this up on spi-private seems reasonable as a cross-check with our contributing members
20:27 < jesusalva_> I am of same mind as fungi and fsf, for the record
20:28 < fsf> Let's first take a vote re: involving CM. If yes, STOP. If no, vote to associate. Sounds good?
20:28 < fungi> i don't think we have a resolution for association yet anyway
20:28 < jesusalva_> Yes, no draft yet, so LGTM
20:28 < fsf> Ah, my mistake. Belay that then
20:29 < jesusalva_> I largely want to know if I should submit an application or not
20:29 < jesusalva_> Not as in asking spi CM first
20:29 < fsf> Please prepare the application
20:30 < jesusalva_> I want to know if other directors agree with this direction or feel this is controversial enough to warrant asking spi-private first, basically
20:30 < fsf> I think that there are enough board members on board (...lol) to get the ball rolling, and if there are any objections it makes sense for them to be aprt of the formal approval process and all, as oppposed to a sort of pre-block on it
20:30 < jesusalva_> If no one manifests we should bother CM, I'll go ahead with normal procedure then.
20:31 < fungi> sounds good, thanks
20:31 < jesusalva_> That's all AOB for me, I think
20:31 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:31 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: December 9, 2000 UTC.
20:31 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:31 < schultmc> WFM
20:31 < zv> works for me
20:31 < fsf> None here
20:31 < fungi> i'm good with that
20:32 < jconway> wfm
20:32 < mappx> wfm
20:32 < zumbi> None here
20:32 < schultmc> *GAVEL*

