# Board Meeting, July 2nd, 2002

__Attending__:

* Branden Robinson
* Ean Schuessler
* Ian Jackson
* Manoj Srivastava
* Martin "Joey" Schulze (presiding)
* Wichert Akkerman

__Absent__:

* Drew Streib

__Absent with regrets__:

* Nils Lohner

__Agenda__:

1. Approving minutes of previous meetings
2. TeXmacs support infrastructure
3. OFTC domain ownership
4. Bruce Perens's "Sincere Choice" platform
5. Next meeting

__Recorder__: Wichert Akkerman

__Advisors present__:

* Robert Levin

__Invitees present__:

* David Graham (OFTC)

The Board meeting was held using Internet Relay Chat. Joey opens the
meeting at 19.07 UTC.

## Approving minutes of previous meetings

Minutes for the May 7th meeting were sent too late to be voted upon.
Approval of these minutes has been shelved and will be done via mail or
during future meetings. Minutes for the June 4 meeting have not been
written yet.

Joey makes a note to prepare the minutes in a timely fashion after the
corresponding meeting so that the Board can compare it with their own
recording in time.

## TeXmacs support infrastructure

The GNU TeXmacs team has asked SPI to provide a support structure for
their project within the context of SPI. The Board proposed resolution
[2002-07-02.iwj.3](/corporate/resolutions/2002/2002-07-02.iwj.3/)
for this purpose.

Vote on resolution 2002-07-02.iwj.3 to accept GNU TeXmacs as an
affiliated project:

<table><tbody>
 <tr><td>Branden</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ean </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ian </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Joey </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Manoj </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Wichert</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution was accepted unanimously with 6 votes in favour.

## OFTC domain ownership

The Open and Free Technology Community (OFTC) project has asked SPI to
hold their domain (oftc.net) in ownership in order to be able to enforce
their constitution. Wichert proposed to take a more general approach and
offer to hold things in ownership for them. Ian suggested that SPI adopt
OFTC as an affiliated project to implement that offer. Joey asked David if
that was acceptable for OFTC and he confirmed it was.

Votes for resolution
[2002-07-02.iwj.5](/corporate/resolutions/2002/2002-07-02.iwj.5/)
to adopt Open and Free Technology Community as an affiliated project:

<table><tbody>
 <tr><td>Branden</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ean </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ian </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Joey </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Manoj </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Wichert</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution was accepted unanimously with 6 votes in favour.

## Bruce Perens's "Sincere Choice" platform

Bruce Perens started the ["Sincere Choice" platform](http://sincerechoice.org/)
to counter the [Initiative for Software Choice](http://softwarechoice.org/),
which appears to be an anti-Open-Source and anti-GPL organization. Bruce asked
SPI to sign onto the platform and suggested it might be a good idea for SPI to
take ownership of it if possible for a 501(c)3 organization.

Ian had a problem with the statement "We support a broad range of
copyright policies, from Public Domain through Open Source and Free
Software to Proprietary": SPI does not support that range but is a
Free Software organisation.

Branden noted that the rest of the statement of principles is
not objectionable. Wichert suggested that someone talk with Bruce
about possibly rewording the statement, and if Bruce agrees to
resume the discussion later. Ian volunteered to take this task.

## Next meeting

In accordance with Resolution
[2002-05-07.wta](/corporate/resolutions/2002/2002-05-07.wta/),
the next meeting of the SPI Board of Directors will be on August 6th at 19.00
UTC.


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
