[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, March 12th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Josh Berkus (jberkus)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the March 12th, 2015 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-03-12-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee had nothing to report.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss has published the January treasurer's report and is
working on the February report.

The SPI general fund received an anonymous donation of $10,000.

Martin Zobel-Helas asked why the earmark for Swathanthra Malayalam
Computing was negative.  Michael explained that this is due to GSoC funds
not yet received.  Josh Berkus felt that GSoC funds should be tracked
differently and would talk to Michael about this later.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr expressed that the minutes and web site were up to date.
He made some updates to the trademark pages.  X.Org had some questions
regarding updates to their by-laws recently.  Michael Schultheiss and
Martin Michlmayr sent them some comments.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th February 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Elementary OS situation and board member accountability

Josh Berkus asked the Board to consider the following three issues:

1. whether any remedial action by the board of SPI towards Elementary OS and/or other parties is required;
2. some kind of formal review of board member Drake's actions to clear him of wrongdoing;
3. a possible amendment to the bylaws a la David Graham's proposal.

The Board observed that the discussion had settled and that no remedial action
was required.  The Board debated voting on whether the SPI President should
issue a formal statement but agreed to leave the decision to the President.
(Bdale Garbee as President sent a statement to the Elementary OS council after
the Board meeting.)

The Board voted on the question: Should a formal investigation of the
interactions between Joshua Drake and Daniel Foré referencing SPI be initiated?

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>No</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion failed with a vote of 0 yes, 5 no, 1 abstain, 0 missing.

The Board agreed to work on a resolution on board member accountability based
on David Graham's proposal.

### Trademark renewal and record keeping

Martin Michlmayr asked what kind of process was in place to handle trademark
renewals.  Robert Brockway explained that he had been adding information to the
SPI trademark page with the intention that it hold authoritative information on
dates of renewal, etc.

Martin offered to write a script to remind the Board of filing deadlines.
He'd also add trademark registration certificates, which can be downloaded
from the USPTO web site, to a Git repo.


## Any other business

Martin Zobel-Helas asked for a volunteer from the Board to follow up with a
prospective member project since he lacks the time.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, April 9th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

