__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Robert Brockway (Solver)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the minutes for the May 14th, 2015 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-05-14-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee has started investigating whether it makes sense for SPI to
enter into a contract with a third-party management organization for key
office and financial services, similarly to what the CELF Board did a few
years ago.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss has published the March and April treasurer's reports.
He thanked the Craigslist Foundation for their generous donation of $50,000
($25,000 to SPI and $25,000 to PostgreSQL).  The Debian Project also
received a $20,000 donation from a periodic donor.

Martin Michlmayr asked whether an extension for the tax return had been
filed because it would otherwise be due on May 15th.  Michael confirmed
that an extension had been applied for and that SPI's 990 would be filed by
August 15th.

Martin Michlmayr asked whether 990 tax forms for previous years could be
added to the web site and Michael promised to add them.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr has updated the trademark page and completed the
outstanding minutes.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th March 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 9th April 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Martin Michlmayr asked whether anyone had suggested a BOF for DebConf.
Bdale Garbee believed that he had done so but he would double check.

Martin Zobel-Helas noted that Debian had a new project leaders, Neil
McGovern, a former SPI Secretary.

Jonathan McDowell reminded the Board that elections were coming up in just
over a month.  The terms of Jonathan McDowell and Michael Schultheiss will
expire in July.  Jonathan is not planning to stand again.  Bdale thanked
Jonathan for his service.  Michael is planning to stand again.

Bdale asked whether there were any questions or comments about his reported
activity looking at paid help alternatives for bookkeeping and other office
functions.  There was some conversation about the amount of work of these
activities and what had to be done exactly.  The Board agreed to continue
the conversation offline.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, June 11th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
