# Board Meeting, January 8th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None



__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Josh Berkus (jberkus)
* Ben Longbons (o11c)
* Edward Pasek (wushin)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the January 8th, 2015 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-01-08-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee is attending Linux Conf Australia Auckland, NZ the following
week.  He hopes to see SPI folk there and/or at FOSDEM at the end of the
month.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss is finishing up the November and December treasurer's
reports and hopes to have them mailed out in the next day or two.  Next tax
filing is due in May (or August).


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr stated that he would like to conduct a vote on resolution
2014-12-11.bg.2 during this meeting since the vote by email that had been
started in December was missing one vote.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 13th November 2014:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 11th December 2014:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 3 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2014-12-11.bg.2: X.Org as associated project

Vote on Resolution 2014-12-11.bg.2:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Josh Berkus, SPI Assistant Treasurer, noted that he'd like to seek
permission to sign up with an alternate payment method.  He had been trying
to pay some GSoC participants in Brazil, China, and India where wire
transfers work poorly.  He would like to sign up to Payoneer, which had
been recommended on the FOSS Foundations list.  Josh Berkus proposed the
resolution that the SPI Treasurer be authorized to sign up for payment
services via Payoneer (payoneer.com).

Vote on Resolution 2015-01-08.jb.1:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 abstain, 1 missing.

The Board also agreed to change the meeting time from 20:00 to 20:30 UTC
for future Board meetings.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, February 12th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2014-12-11.bg.2: X.Org as associated project

<pre>
1. The X.Org Foundation is an existing 501(c)3 corporation, incorporated
in the state of Delaware:

  http://www.x.org/foundation/irs-form-1023/5-ExhibitD.pdf

2. The bylaws the X.Org foundation
(http://www.x.org/foundation/irs-form-1023/6-ExhibitE.pdf) state:

The purpose of the X.Org Foundation shall be to:
  (i)   research, develop, support, organize, administrate,
        standardize, promote and defend the X Window System,
  (ii)  support, educate, organize and participate in the community of
        developers of the X Window System, and
  (iii) support and educate the general community of users of the X
        Window System.

3. The board of the X.Org Foundation has voted to request SPI's support
and assistance, including taking donations and holding funds and
intangible assets. If approved, the X.Org corporation would be
dissolved and all assets transferred to SPI.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

4. X.Org is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

5. The X.Org Secretary is recognised by SPI as the current SPI liaison
for X.Org. The X.Org Secretary is elected by the X.Org board, who are
in turn elected by the members of X.Org. The list of X.org members is
available at:

  https://members.x.org/list.php

6. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 90 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


### Resolution 2015-01-08.jb.1: Adding Payoneer as a payment provider

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Wire transfers to some countries, such as Brazil, China and India, work
poorly.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

2. The SPI Treasurer be authorized to sign up for payment services via
Payoneer (payoneer.com).
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
