# Annual General Meeting, September 10th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Bradley M. Kuhn (bkuhn)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)


These are the minutes for the September 10th, 2015 SPI Annual General
Meeting, held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-09-10-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee thanked Valessio Brito for the improved look of the SPI
web site, implemented during DebConf!  We had a good BOF too, and the
video is available.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss has published the July treasurer's report and is
working on the August report.

The 2015 NYS and Federal filings have been filed and accepted.

Michael is still working with the bookkeepers to get periodic reports from
them.  Michael will meeting with Martin Michlmayr and Bradley M. Kuhn next
week to discuss the bookkeeping process.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr didn't have time to complete the August minutes.  New
officers should have been appointed in the August meeting but we forgot
about it.


## Outstanding minutes

No minutes were ready to be presented at this meeting.


## Appointment of board officers

Vote on accepting the continuation of Bdale, Joerg, Michael and Martin
as President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary for the following
year:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 missing.


## Any other business

No one had any other items to discuss.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, October 8th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
