[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 12th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Gregers Petersen (glp)


__Board members absent__

* Robert Brockway (Solver)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* David Graham (cdlu)
* Richard Hartmann (RichiH)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the November 12th, 2015 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-11-12-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee had nothing to report.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss is caught up on treasurer's reports.  The reports for
August to October are attached to the agenda.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr has completed the outstanding minutes.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 13th August 2015:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 10th September 2015:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 3 yes, 4 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 8th October 2015:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 3 yes, 4 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### LIR (Local Internet Registry) and SPI budget

The Debian project requested to register SPI as LIR (Local Internet
Registry).  Dimitri John Ledkov was wondering whether it would make sense
for SPI to pay for the fees and extend the benefits to all SPI projects.
After some discussion, Dimitri John Ledkov agreed to reach out to other SPI
associated projects to see if they are interested.

### Status of our current treasurer process

Martin Zobel-Helas expressed concerns about the treasurer process since
there are many outstanding requests.  He suggested finding ways of
processing transactions more quickly, staffing the treasurer's position
with more personnel, and organizing a treasurer sprint.  Dimitri John
Ledkov volunteered as assistant treasurer.  The board agreed to evaluate
progress made in the next board meeting and decide then whether a sprint
would be useful.

### Conflict of interest policy

Dimitri John Ledkov took the conflict of interest policy from Software
Freedom Conservancy, which is compliant with NYC law, as a basis for SPI's
policy.  He gathered some feedback and promised to propose the policy for
adoption in the next board meeting.

### Resolution 2015-11-11.jrk.1: Acknowledging the election of David Graham to the Canadian House of Commons

Jimmy Kaplowitz proposed a resolution to formally acknowledge the election
of former SPI Board member David Graham to the Canadian House of Commons.
Several board members congratulated David Graham individually, but the
board didn't feel that SPI should take any action as an organization.

## Any other business

No one had any other items to discuss.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, December 10th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2015-11-11.jrk.1: Acknowledging the election of David Graham to the Canadian House of Commons

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. David de Burgh Graham (hereafter "Graham") was formerly a longtime
member of the Software in the Public Interest board of directors,
helping with numerous legal and logistical matters during his time on the
board.

2. Graham has held several other prominent roles in the free and open
source software community over the past 15 years, including serving as a
journalist and founding the Open and Free Technology Community, an
SPI-affiliated project which offers communication services to the free and
open source software movement.

3. Graham has been a user of Linux-based operating systems for 20 years.

4. On October 19, 2015, Graham was elected to the Canadian House of Commons
as the Member of Parliament for Laurentides-Labelle.

5. Knowledge of the free and open source software movement in general and
of Linux-based operating systems specifically is a valuable but scarce
resource among national legislators.

6. Graham has this knowledge coupled with the skill of sharing it with
broader audiences from his time in journalism.

7. National governments make many policy decisions which affect the health
of the free and open source software movement within that country and
worldwide.

8. Being an MP of the political party which now forms the government of
Canada, Graham is well-positioned to provide informed input regarding the
free and open source software movement as such policy decisions are made.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. SPI congratulates Graham on his election to the Canadian House of
Commons as the Member of Parliament for Laurentides-Labelle and wishes
him well in that endeavor.

2. SPI encourages greater sharing of expertise regarding free and open
source software with all elected officials to help in their policy and
technology decisions.

3. SPI shall issue and publicize a press release substantially based on
this resolution, including a suitable quote from one or more current SPI
directors and layman-friendly descriptions of the free and open source
software movement and of SPI.

4. In recognition of Canadian bilingualism and of Graham's
majority-Francophone constituency, the aforementioned press release and
this resolution will be published in both French and English unless
volunteer translation services cannot be obtained with reasonable effort.
</pre>

