# Board Meeting, December 10th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* H W Tovetjärn (totte)


These are the minutes for the December 10th, 2015 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-12-10-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee had nothing to report.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss has published the November treasurer's report.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr didn't have time to complete the November minutes.


## Outstanding minutes

No minutes were ready to be presented at this meeting.


## Items up for discussion

### Status of our current treasurer process

Martin Zobel-Helas didn't see much progress since the last board meeting
and proposed a sprint in person to work on treasurer activities.  After
some discussion, the board agreed that it would make sense to have a board
meeting in person to allow board members to get to know each other and to
tackle some larger topics, such as SPI's mission and how to use SPI funds.
Martin Michlmayr volunteered to look into the logistics.


## Any other business

The conflict of interest policy is almost ready.

Dimitri John Ledkov is yet to reach out to associated projects to find out
if there's interest in having SPI as a LIR (Local Internet Registry).


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, January 14th, 2016 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
