[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Annual General Meeting, July 9th, 2015

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the minutes for the July 9th, 2015 SPI Annual General Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2015/2015-07-09-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee had some conversation in the last month with Jim Zemlin of the
Linux Foundation about options for having them provide SPI with part-time
staffing.  He hopes to have a concrete proposal for the board to review
before our next meeting.


## Treasurer's report

While preparing the annual treasurer's report, Michael Schultheiss noticed
a handful of errors requiring updated reports from July 2014 through June
2015.

Martin Zobel-Helas asked whether Michael needed any help with Google Summer
of Code coordination and Michael replied that he got it handled now.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr has done a lot of work on the web site, including updating
project pages, updating SPI liaisons and fixing many HTML syntax errors.

He also prepared the [SPI 2015 Annual
Report](/corporate/annual-reports/2015.pdf) which includes updates from 10
associated projects.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 11th June 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1: Board member accountability

Martin Michlmayr presented Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1, which is a
modified version of the resolution originally proposed by David Graham
on the spi-private mailing list on March 10th, 2015.

Vote on Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


### Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2: Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba

Vote on Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Bdale Garbee asked the secretary to give an update on the nominations for
the board and Martin Michlmayr replied that he had not received any
nominations so far.

There was some discussion about best ways to handle bookkeeping.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, August 13th, 2015 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.  This will serve as the Annual General
Meeting.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1: Board member accountability

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Any member of the Board of Directors representing themselves by their
respective title can be reasonably presumed to be acting on behalf of
the Organization;

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. No member of the Board of Directors may act on behalf of the
Organization without the consent of the Board; and

2. In the event of an action by any member of the Board beyond their
authority, any member of the Board may request a review of that action
and any related actions; and

3. The Board disclaims responsibility for any action taken by a member
of the Board outside of the Board's authority.
</pre>


### Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2: Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. PostgreSQL.Org is an affiliated SPI project.

2. PostgreSQL.Org wishes to financially sponsor travel to a PostgreSQL
conference in Cuba.

3. Josh Berkus of PostgreSQL Core has sought legal advice from Software
Freedom Law Center in regards to this opportunity.

4. Joshua Drake, Director with SPI and PostgreSQL.Org Liaison, has
approved the request on the requirement that SPI also approve the
request.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. This travel sponsorship falls under the rules and regulations of the
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States Department
of the Treasury. The travel is under a general license that has the
following requirements:

   a. Travel must be direct to and from the conference venue, without
   side travel or tourism conducted before, after, or during the
   conference period;

   b. Daily schedules of conference attendees should be limited to
   conference activities, and should leave no time for touristic or
   other non-conference activities;

   c. The conference must not promote tourism in Cuba.

2. PostgreSQL.org's liaison or his designee must maintain sufficient
records to be able to demonstrate compliance after the fact with these
terms (i.e. maintaining documents concerning the conference purpose,
which are standard, and being able to show both the travel itineraries
and the daily activities schedules of attendees, from normal business
sources.)

3. It approves a financial sponsorship of travel to the conference based
on the limitations set forth.

4. Recipients of travel sponsorship to the PostgreSQL conference in Cuba
are required to sign a sworn affidavit that they will not violate any of
the above requirements.
</pre>

