[[!meta title="Resolution 2023-03-31.zv.1: Compile Farm as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [April 10, 2023](/meetings/minutes/2023/2023-04-10/).

# Resolution 2023-03-31.zv.1: Compile Farm as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. Compile Farm is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
   The Compile Farm project helps free software developers to build,
   test, and debug their code. To this end, the project maintains
   machines with a wide variety of architectures and operating systems.

2. Compile Farm developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
   accepting donations and holding funds, holding substantial and intangible assets,
   and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Compile Farm is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
   [https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/)

4. Zach van Rijn is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
   and SPI liaison for Compile Farm.  Successors will be appointed by vote
   by the core team. The SPI Board reserves the right to break ties.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for Compile Farm is missing in action,
   and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith discretion,
   proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more other SPI associated
   projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept the project's assets and
   use them for a similar purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified
   destination or destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer
   can be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI general
   fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
   the SPI Board.
