[[!meta title="Resolution 2023-12-07.jln.1: Formalize SPI 5% fee"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [December 11, 2023](/meetings/minutes/2023/2023-12-11/).

# Resolution 2023-12-07.jln.1: Formalize SPI 5% fee

WHEREAS

1. SPI has a non zero upkeep, and

2. SPI has historically charged a 5% fee to cover its upkeep, which however is not
   properly documented, even if it is well known,


THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. SPI will charge all project donations and conference sponsorships a 5%
   administrative fee, as is SPI's current practice. The fee is calculated
   and collected before the transaction costs (such as wire transfer fees).

2. SPI will not charge the fee on transfer of existing funds.

3. SPI will not charge the fee twice, such when a project sells an asset purchased
   with the project funds.

4. When non-cash donations are made, such as securities or goods, the fee will be
   charged at the fair market value of the asset. If the fair market value increase,
   SPI will also collect the fee over the increase.

5. If the collection of the fee for any reason would cause the project balance to
   go negative, the collection may be postponed or waived by SPI.

6. SPI may, at its sole discretion, waive the fee. Such waiver shall not affect
   SPI's capabilities to resume the fee collection in the future.

7. Interest over unspent project cash will be collected to the General Fund, however
   dividends over securities owned by projects will instead be subject to the fee.

8. Donation of materials and services ("in kind donation") directly related to SPI
   goals and mission and which are not meant to be sold will not be subject to the fee.

9. Omissions and questions in this resolution shall be decided by the treasurer
   and the president (or vice president) of SPI.

This resolution supersedes resolution 2020-06-22.mcs.1
