[[!meta title="Resolution 2023-12-11.js.1: POCO as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [December 11, 2023](/meetings/minutes/2023/2023-12-11/).

# Resolution 2023-12-11.js.1: POCO as an associated project

WHEREAS

1. C++ Portable Components (POCO) is a substantial and significant
   free/libre open source software project providing libraries used
   in the creation of other software projects and included in
   popular distributions.

2. POCO's developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project
   expenses, signing contracts, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. POCO is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Aleksandar Fabijanic is recognised by SPI as the authoritative
   decision maker and SPI liaison for POCO. Successors will be
   appointed by by the outgoing liaison or, failing that, by the
   members of POCO's Technical Steering Committee.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for POCO is unreachable and no new
   SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
