21:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:00 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:01 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide and schultmc aren't expected .. linuxpoet?
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> I've heard nothing from him.
21:02 #spi: < Clint> he hasn't made it to a meeting all year, has he?
21:02 #spi: < bdale> I note he missed last month without regrets
21:02 #spi: < Ganneff> he was here once, i think. but not more.
21:03 #spi: < Noodles> Absent for all 4 2012 meetings I believe.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> well, the only resolution on the agenda today is for something that doesn't actually require a board vote, so it could be worse.
21:03 #spi: < bdale> I propose we wait until :10 to see if we can achieve quorum?
21:03 #spi: < Solver> That's fine
21:04 #spi: < bdale> I don't have current contact info for linuxpoet, does anyone else?
21:04 #spi: < bdale> he's not on oftc at the moment
21:05 #spi: < Noodles> I haven't got any contact details for him.
21:06 #spi: < Solver> This is a good time to remind everyone to push up their contact details to the location we agreed on a few months ago.  good to have emergency/out of band contact details
21:06 #spi: < bdale> yep, point taken
21:07 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: in fact, maybe between us we can poke everyone we don't have details for to at least have SMS/IM info for all current board members?
21:09 #spi: < Solver> A project asked me to raise an item in other business.  if we are inquortate I will raise it informally after the meeting
21:09 #spi: < bdale> ok
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> I have details for bdale, Hydroxide, schultmc and Solver it seems.
21:10 #spi: < Solver> Noodles: could you push them to Director_Contact_Details in the board-private repo?
21:10 #spi: < bdale> ok, it's :10 .. I have no reason to believe we're going to make quorum at this point.  any objections to closing and trying again at our regularly scheduled June date and time?
21:10 #spi: < Solver> no objections
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> June 14th, as per agenda? Fine by me.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
