13:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
13:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of director's meeting, which is now called to order.
13:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2012/2012-08-09/
13:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
13:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
13:00 #spi: < zobel> bdale: i think it is DebConf with capital C :)
13:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
13:00 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
13:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
13:00 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
13:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
13:00 #spi: < schultmc1> Michael Schultheiss
13:00 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
13:00 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
13:00 #spi: < bdale> zobel: ok, we can fix that
13:00 #spi: < bdale> cool, quorum .. linuxpoet is missing, who else?
13:01 #spi: < Noodles> Hydroxide.
13:01 #spi: < schultmc1> Hydroxide
13:01 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy kaplowitz
13:01 #spi: < Hydroxide> thanks for the highlight
13:01 #spi: < bdale> cool
13:01 #spi: < bdale> let's proceed, hopefully Joshua will join us
13:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
13:01 #spi: < bdale> We hosted a SPI BOF at DebConf 12 just after last month's meeting, as with all Debconf sessions, video is available if anyone wants to watch it at
13:01 #spi: < bdale> http://meetings-archive.debian.net/pub/debian-meetings/2012/debconf12/low/847_SPI_BOF.ogv
13:01 #spi: < bdale> The other real news from me this month is that I'm taking early retirement from HP at the end of August, there are more details at
13:01 #spi: < bdale> http://www.gag.com/bdale/blog/posts/Early_Retirement.html
13:01 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
13:01 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
13:02 #spi:  * zobel wishes all the best to bdale in his time after HP.
13:02 #spi: < schultmc1> standard report is in the agenda - nothing notable
13:02 #spi: < bdale> ok, thanks .. anyone have questions for Michael?
13:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
13:02 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
13:02 #spi: < Noodles> I have a couple of things.
13:03 #spi: < Noodles> Firstly I've had contact about being us being nominated for the Chase Community Giving program.
13:03 #spi: < bdale> that sounds cool at least on the surface
13:03 #spi: < Noodles> There are a set of conditions (https://www.chase.com/online/Special-Offers/chasegiving_rules.htm) I still need to investigate fully to see if we comply - I think we'd have to come under "education" and I'm not sure if that's a stretch or not.
13:04 #spi: < bdale> our mission includes education, so that's probably workable .. I can help if you wish
13:04 #spi: < Noodles> But if we do it sounds like we definitely get something if we sign up before the end of the month and may get something else if we get nominated.
13:04 #spi: < Noodles> I plan to look properly this weekend; it only came in this week.
13:04 #spi: < bdale> ok, great, poke me if you need me
13:04 #spi: < Noodles> The other thing is the annual report. It would be nice to wrap it up and I think the main pieces left are the president's welcome and the yearly financial report.
13:05 #spi: < bdale>  /o\
13:05 #spi: < bdale> yeah, see, I told you if I didn't do it right then I'd forget...
13:05 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: can you get a suitable financial report to Jonathan soonish?
13:06 #spi: < Noodles> Edit the tex directly in spiwww.git is preferred: corporate/annual-reports/2012.tex
13:06 #spi: < bdale> ok
13:06 #spi: < bdale> putting at the top of tomorrow's to-do list
13:06 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: yes, I plan on getting that done in the next few days
13:06 #spi: < Noodles> Great.
13:06 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: thanks .. let's get this done ASAP
13:06 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: anything else?
13:06 #spi: < Noodles> Nope, that's it from me.
13:07 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
13:07 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on?
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Yup.
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (clint,bdale,zobel,noodles,schultmc,solver,ganneff,hydroxide) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for 12th July 2012 AGM. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:07 #spi: < Clint> !vote abstain
13:07 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for 12th July 2012 AGM": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Meeting minutes for 12th July 2012 AGM" closed.
13:08 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
13:08 #spi: < bdale> We have no pending resolutions on our agenda today.
13:08 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Appointment of board officers]
13:08 #spi: < bdale> How do we want to do this this year?
13:08 #spi: < bdale> I suppose we start by acknowledging the election results to the board?
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> I'd like to thank zobel for handling the election process.
13:09 #spi: < bdale> indeed!
13:09 #spi:  * zobel would like to thank glp and Selena for running as well!
13:09 #spi: < zobel> nP.
13:10 #spi: < bdale> ok, so what we need to do is "elect" officers for the coming year
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> Do all the currently officers plan to stand for re-election?
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> s/currently/current/
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> si
13:10 #spi: < bdale> since all of our current officers remain on the board, the first question is are all interested in and willing to continue?
13:10 #spi: < schultmc> yes
13:10 #spi:  * Noodles does.
13:10 #spi: < bdale> yes for me, too
13:11 #spi: < bdale> the next question is whether anyone else wants to contest for any of the roles?
13:11 #spi: < Clint> not I
13:11 #spi: < Solver> Not me
13:11 #spi:  * zobel would go in contest for secretary.
13:11 #spi: < bdale> if so, we can hold votes .. if not, then we can do a single vote to approve the current slate continuing, I think?
13:11 #spi: < Solver> bdale: sounds reasonable
13:11 #spi: < bdale> ok, sounds like zobel wants to make this fun.  ;-)
13:12 #spi: < bdale> any other nominations for any of the posts?
13:12 #spi: < Noodles> Hydroxide?
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> .oO(can i run for P and bdale for VP, just for fun?) :)
13:12 #spi: < Solver> hahah
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> (NO)
13:12 #spi: < Hydroxide> I dont' have time to run for anything, myself
13:12 #spi: < Hydroxide> I mean, perform a service
13:12 #spi: < Noodles> Ganneff: What happens if we elect the same person to both?
13:12 #spi: < bdale> Ganneff: that means you have to run all the meetings, dude...
13:12 #spi: < Hydroxide> so, no
13:13 #spi: < Ganneff> bdale: but maybe i get my own wikipedia page then!! "Dumbass who run for P despite knowing off the meetings". ha.
13:13 #spi: < Solver> :)
13:13 #spi: < Ganneff> (umm. err. no, bdales not a dumbass, didnt mean that)
13:14 #spi: < bdale> ok, in seriousness, it sounds like we have two candidates for secretary and no other contests?
13:14 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: Sounds like it.
13:14 #spi: < Solver> so one vote to accept the other three positions with incumbants, and one vote for secretary?
13:15 #spi: < bdale> Noodles, zobel, seems appropriate that you each say a few words about why you'd like to be sec, then we vote on that, then we vote for the other three
13:15 #spi: < zobel> uhm..
13:16 #spi: < Noodles> I like to think I've done a reasonable job of being secretary over the past 2.5 years, making sure the meeting announcements go out and the minutes are up to date.
13:17 #spi:  * zobel thinks Noodles is doing a perfect job. /me already did work as interim secretary. /me thinks i can do the same.
13:17 #spi: < Noodles> I can't really say I feel I'm going to do a lot different as part of the secretary role going forward.
13:17 #spi: < bdale> ok, anything else?
13:17 #spi: < Hydroxide> one question for each candidate
13:17 #spi: < Hydroxide> from me
13:17 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide: go for it
13:18 #spi:  * zobel would like to see a bit more role changes withing the officers board.
13:18 #spi: < Hydroxide> well, two related ones for zobel 
13:18 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide: just ask...
13:18 #spi: < Hydroxide> zobel: are you planning to run for re-election in 2013, and if elected, try to stay on as secretary for another year?
13:18 #spi: < Hydroxide> Noodles: are you inclined to try to stay on as secretary for another year beyond the current one?
13:19 #spi: < zobel> i think i am going to be reelected in 2014, but yes.
13:19 #spi: < Hydroxide> zobel: last elected July 2010, so next year.
13:19 #spi: < Noodles> I don't feel that the secretary role takes up too much of my time so I have no real reason to step down that I can see.
13:19 #spi: < zobel> ah, true
13:19 #spi: < Hydroxide> done with my questinos
13:19 #spi: < Hydroxide> s/typo/real word/
13:20 #spi: < bdale> anyone else have questions?  I know and like both candidates and think either would make an excellent secretary for the organization, fwiw.
13:20 #spi: < Hydroxide> agreed.
13:20 #spi: < Noodles> I should point out I have no objection to zobel as secretary; he did a fine job before I took over.
13:20 #spi:  * zobel has no objection with Noodles, i just want to make the election a bit more fun...
13:21 #spi: < bdale> ok, I think it's time to vote .. how best to do that?  can our vote machinery handle voting for names or something?
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> zobel: The great bit is the others have to do the deciding. ;)
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> The vote stuff just does yes/no/abstain.
13:21 #spi: < bdale> ok
13:21 #spi:  * zobel is for open voting.
13:21 #spi: < bdale> then how about we use the same syntax but with 'Noodles' or 'zobel' as target, then count by hand?
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> .oO(we get all yes for Noodles, all yes for zobel. back to start)
13:22 #spi: < Noodles> Ganneff: 3 of each
13:22 #spi: < bdale> yeah, we'll work it out if we have to
13:22 #spi: < Hydroxide> I'd say !vote zobel or !vote Noodles
13:22 #spi: < Hydroxide> so that we can't vote for both, just to decide
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> Hydroxide: the vote script doesnt support that.
13:22 #spi: < bdale> there are 8 here, so 8 votes total, please everyone use '!vote <nick>' at this time .. go!
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> but we can run without it.
13:22 #spi: < Hydroxide> counting by hand, it doesn't matter
13:23 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote Noodles 
13:23 #spi: < bdale> !vote Noodles
13:23 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote Noodles
13:23 #spi: < Solver> !vote Noodles
13:23 #spi: < schultmc> !vote Noodles
13:23 #spi: < Ganneff> 5 noodles, done deal?!
13:23 #spi: < bdale> all we need is sauce, and it'd be 'done meal'
13:23 #spi: < Ganneff> i want rice
13:24 #spi: < Noodles> Is Clint abstaining?
13:24 #spi: < Clint> er, sorry
13:24 #spi: < Solver> well we should record the votes of all board members - so everony should at least abstain imho
13:24 #spi: < Clint> was distracted
13:24 #spi: < bdale> in any case, correct, the outcome is no longer in doubt.  thanks to zobel for making it interesting, and congrats to Noodles on the vote of confidence in his continuing role
13:24 #spi: < bdale> Clint: feel free to vote if you'd like
13:24 #spi: < Clint> !vote Noodles
13:25 #spi: < zobel> !vote abstain.
13:25 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: ?
13:25 #spi: < Noodles> Thanks for the continuing confidence.
13:25 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: I meant, do you want to put a vote on the record?
13:25 #spi: < Noodles> Oh, right. !vote abstain
13:26 #spi: < bdale> ok, done with that .. now, we need to vote to approve retention of the other 3 officers for another year
13:26 #spi: < bdale> we can do that with the vote thingy
13:26 #spi: < bdale> resolved to retain other officers, vote yes to agree
13:26 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (clint,bdale,zobel,noodles,schultmc,solver,ganneff,hydroxide) allowed to vote on Accept continuation of bdale,Ganneff and schulmc as President, Vice President and Treasurer for the following year. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:26 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:26 #spi: < schultmc> s/schulmc/schultmc/
13:26 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Accept continuation of bdale,Ganneff and schulmc as President, Vice President and Treasurer for the following year": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
13:26 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Accept continuation of bdale,Ganneff and schulmc as President, Vice President and Treasurer for the following year" closed.
13:27 #spi: < schultmc> unless my dopleganger gets to do the work :)
13:27 #spi: < Noodles> schultmc1.
13:27 #spi: < Noodles> :P
13:27 #spi: < bdale> ok, great, thanks to everyone for making that process no more difficult than it was, and the general vote of confidence in the current officers that it represents!
13:27 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Any other business]
13:27 #spi: < bdale> any board members have anything else to bring up?
13:28 #spi: < zobel> what needs to be done by board for the ADR process now?
13:28 #spi:  * zobel reads Mishi's mail at least this way.
13:28 #spi: < bdale> I don't know .. assume Mishi will tell us?
13:28 #spi: < Solver> yes I'm sure she will tell us the next step
13:28 #spi: < Hydroxide> it will proably involve coordinating with ffis
13:28 #spi: < Hydroxide> since they are EU
13:28 #spi: < Hydroxide> but, yes
13:29 #spi: < Hydroxide> will follow mishi's lead
13:29 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's wait to hear more from Mishi .. any other items?
13:29 #spi: < Noodles> Debian audit stuff?
13:29 #spi: < Noodles> They were lacking some info?
13:29 #spi: < Solver> there were discussions informally about extending the board
13:29 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: did that get closed out?
13:29 #spi: < Solver> thoughts from board members?
13:29 #spi: < bdale> Solver: bylaws issue, one of many
13:29 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: i got them the first batch of data - hope to have the missing data within a week
13:30 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: ok .. please let us know if there's anything anyone else can do to help get this closed
13:30 #spi: < bdale> any other items?
13:30 #spi: < Hydroxide> Solver: board can go up to 12 without a bylaws amendment, but quorum is 2/3 with no rounding down, so increasing makes quorum less attainable
13:30 #spi: < Solver> quorum seems to be the strongest 'no' arguement imho
13:30 #spi: < bdale> I agree
13:30 #spi: < Solver> otoh the set of projects is growing, whichis a 'yes' arguement' to me
13:31 #spi: < Noodles> We've had problems making quorum in the past year.
13:31 #spi: < bdale> we chose the current size to optimize for quorum after having trouble meeting it for a while
13:31 #spi: < Solver> bdale: ah fair enough
13:31 #spi: < Ganneff> we have most of us attending regularly
13:31 #spi: < Ganneff> so it should be possible to get that even with more people.
13:31 #spi: < Ganneff> (yaaah, hope)
13:31 #spi: < bdale> but, as I say, we really should get around to revisiting the bylaws SOMEDAY ..
13:31 #spi: < Noodles> I do note that we have a mostly absent representative from PostgreSQL and a potential representative from PostgreSQL with a strong mandate from the voters.
13:31 #spi: < Hydroxide> I mean, if it would help increase diversity, I could step down before july 2014, which I might do - but I don't think more than 9 is good until we fix the bylaws
13:32 #spi: < Solver> bdale: work is proceeding slowly on the bylaws (cdlu) I understand.  i want to get back to helping him
13:32 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: question is if the one would be willing to step down, so we could get the other in
13:32 #spi:  * Hydroxide has lately had the worst attendance and least direct SPI activity among board members participating in today's meeting...
13:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> Ganneff: that would also help
13:33 #spi: < zobel> bdale: would you be willint to speak with him about that?
13:34 #spi: < zobel> willing.
13:35 #spi: < Noodles> He said he was going to try and make more of an effort so we should give him an opportunity to do so.
13:35 #spi: < zobel> fair enough.
13:36 #spi: < Ganneff> first meeting, failed... :)
13:36 #spi: < bdale> sorry, got called to door
13:36 #spi: < Clint> how many consecutive months has it been now?
13:36 #spi: < Ganneff> Clint: he was here once, last meeting iirc.
13:36 #spi: < Noodles> Clint: He was here for the AGM.
13:36 #spi: < Clint> oh
13:36 #spi: < Ganneff> but before that - many.
13:37 #spi: < bdale> ok .. Noodles, let's talk offline about next steps
13:37 #spi: < Noodles> Sure.
13:37 #spi: < bdale> any other items?
13:37 #spi: < Solver> Nothing from me
13:37 #spi: < zobel> maybe he could send Selena as proxy?
13:37 #spi: < bdale> [item 10, Next board meeting]
13:37 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 13th September 2012, 20:00 UTC.
13:37 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
13:37 #spi: < Solver> sounds fine
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> works
13:37 #spi: < schultmc> none here
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> WFM.
13:38 #spi: < bdale> should work for me too
13:38 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
13:38 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
