21:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:00 #spi: < Clint> or so we think
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2012/2012-02-09/
21:00 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:00 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
21:00 #spi: < zobel> ups.
21:00 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:00 #spi: < Noodles> Too soon guys.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:00 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
21:01 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:01 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:01 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:01 #spi: < zobel> no Ganneff?
21:01 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
21:01 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:01 #spi: < bdale> cool, well past quorum .. who's missing?
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> linuxpoest.
21:01 #spi: < bdale> oh, right
21:01 #spi: < Noodles> s/s//
21:02 #spi: < bdale> let's proceed, perhaps he'll join us, but with only one vote and that on minutes I'm not inclined to wait
21:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 #spi: < bdale> Since our last meeting, I've been to LCA and FOSDEM, both had very interesting talks this year and led to good conversations with contributing members.
21:02 #spi: < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:02 #spi: < bdale> Michael?
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> standard report just hit the lists and is in the agenda (just added - may need to refresh)
21:02 #spi: < schultmc> nothing of note
21:03 #spi: < bdale> ok .. I just pulled it up .. anyone else have questions?
21:03 #spi:  * Hydroxide managed to read it with at least the usual level of care ;)
21:03 #spi: < bdale> I note assets are over 300k .. where are the interesting thresholds with respect to reporting rules?
21:04 #spi: < bdale> ??
21:05 #spi: < schultmc> I don't think we've hit any thresholds that require specific reportings yet although we're close to the level where audited financial reports are prudent (though not required iirc)
21:05 #spi: < bdale> ok, that's probably what I'm thinking of
21:05 #spi: < bdale> anything else?
21:05 #spi: < Hydroxide> it may affect our annual filing fee with new york minutely
21:05 #spi: < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:05 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan?
21:05 #spi: < schultmc> nothing from me
21:05 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing of note from me either.
21:05 #spi: < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:05 #spi: < bdale> Jonathan, I believe we have last month's to vote on?
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (bdale,clint,zobel,noodles,solver,hydroxide,ganneff,schultmc) allowed to vote on Minutes for Thursday, 12th January 2012. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:06 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < Solver> !votes yes
21:06 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for Thursday, 12th January 2012": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for Thursday, 12th January 2012" closed.
21:06 #spi: < bdale> thanks
21:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:06 #spi: < bdale> None this month.
21:06 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:06 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:06 #spi: < Noodles> Er.
21:07 #spi: < Noodles> We have an item up for discussion.
21:07 #spi: < bdale> do we?
21:07 #spi: < Clint> Items up for discussion
21:07 #spi: < Clint> Discussion of back office support
21:07 #spi: < bdale> oops, you're right
21:07 #spi: < bdale> my mistake .. Solver, this is yours?
21:07 #spi: < Solver> right...
21:07 #spi: < Solver> I refer to the discussion on spi-general.  I hope everyone got a chance to read it
21:08 #spi:  * Hydroxide gave his thoughts already - those stand
21:08 #spi: < Solver> The purpose here is to gauge the feeling of the board members about moving forward with paid support for certain aspects of SPIs paperwork
21:09 #spi: < Solver> SPI is growing and there is plenty of evidence that this is going to continue
21:09 #spi: < Noodles> As long as we have defined tasks that we believe help will be useful for then I'm fine with it, but I still haven't seen anyone say "If someone can do <foo> that would be helpful to me."
21:09 #spi: < Solver> so I'd like to invite board members to comment on the possibility of paid support for 'back office' or bookkeeping services
21:09 #spi: < bdale> I'm generally supportive, though more inclined to respond to specific suggestions than general themes.  I have not read the discussion on -general yet.
21:10 #spi: < bdale> I do worry about the fact that most of the routine workload falls to schultmc
21:10 #spi: < Solver> yes it seems like a lot to fall on a single volunteer
21:10 #spi: < zobel> who is doing great work here.
21:10 #spi: < schultmc> bookkeeping assistance would be helpful
21:10 #spi: < Solver> I agree
21:10 #spi: < Noodles> Give the man a minion.
21:10 #spi: < Clint> i'm fine with it as long as it's done with a significant amount of formality (that is well-documented and defined policies, procedures, and auditable evidence)
21:10 #spi: < schultmc> especially since my work situation may be changing soon and my available free time may diminish
21:11 #spi: < Solver> schultmc: ok so you think that bookkeeping assistance would be the best option
21:11 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: didn't we already approve expenses for bookkeeping at some point?
21:11 #spi: < Hydroxide> having just undergone such a shift, I know how that goes. congratulations :)
21:12 #spi: < Solver> bdale: I was told by a former board member bht that is true, yes
21:12 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: yes - we terminated our relationship with that bookkeeper due to unhappiness with their services
21:12 #spi: < zobel> i think, schultmc should tell where he needs help, and define task. but we should do that on the list.
21:12 #spi: < bdale> I vaguely remember that.  and nothing since?
21:12 #spi: < bdale> yes, I would quickly support any reasonable requests for paid help that schultmc would care to make
21:12 #spi: < schultmc> correct, nothing since
21:13 #spi: < schultmc> a local bookkeeper may be better
21:13 #spi: < Hydroxide> was the approval for bookkeeping assistance specific to the bookkeper? if not, please feel free to choose another one :)
21:13 #spi: < bdale> schultmc: maybe you and Solver can chat offline about what would make sense and turn this into a specific proposal?
21:13 #spi: < schultmc> we had one in a remote city and we had to mail them a whole bunch of paperwork
21:13 #spi: < schultmc> it wasn't practical
21:13 #spi: < schultmc> bdale: sounds fine to me
21:13 #spi: < Solver> yes being local to you would seem to make sense
21:13 #spi: < Solver> ok cool
21:14 #spi: < bdale> great .. you guys chat, and if you get far enough for us to have a resolution for next meeting that's fine, if not that's also fine
21:14 #spi: < Solver> so schultmc and I will formulate a proposal for March?
21:14 #spi: < bdale> anything else here?
21:14 #spi: < Hydroxide> Solver: if he already has the authority for hiring a local bookkeeper, we don't need to do anything other than provide any support he needs in that
21:14 #spi: < Solver> I have one additional item that came up too recently for me to submit it
21:14 #spi: < bdale> ok, let's transition to item 8 then .. new topics
21:14 #spi: < Hydroxide> in terms of as a service provider, not as an employee
21:14 #spi: < Hydroxide> k
21:14 #spi:  * Hydroxide is done
21:14 #spi: < Solver> ok cool
21:14 #spi: < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:14 #spi: < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:15 #spi: < Solver> yes I have one
21:15 #spi: < Hydroxide> :D
21:15 #spi: < Solver> cdlu (david Graham) has started working on a major revision of the by-laws
21:15 #spi: < Solver> I have joined him in this
21:16 #spi: < bdale> hallelujah!
21:16 #spi: < Solver> David asked me to advise the board the we expect to be able to present the revised by-laws to the board in the North American spring
21:16 #spi: < Hydroxide> great :) on that note, schultmc, are we going to be able to follow through on our membership expiry resolution?
21:16 #spi: < bdale> as already indicated, I'm happy to help review
21:16 #spi: < Solver> It is essential that the membership list be up to date for an expected referendum on the new by-laws
21:16 #spi: < schultmc> Hydroxide: yes, we should be able to
21:16 #spi: < schultmc> a previous suggestion was to make the board all members of the membership ctte
21:16 #spi: < bdale> maybe get someone else to work on that?
21:17 #spi: < schultmc> currently it's just noodles and me
21:17 #spi: < Solver> David and I will post out more information about the revision later
21:17 #spi: < Hydroxide> schultmc: I'd be fine with that, sure. in terms of pinging and reversibly expiring inattentive members, are there any prereqs or can that move forward in the next month or two? it's necessary to have any chance at meeting quorum
21:17 #spi: < Hydroxide> for the vote
21:18 #spi: < schultmc> Hydroxide: no prereqs other than proper permissions in the membership web app
21:18 #spi: < bdale> yes .. I think it's important enough that I'll make time to help with it 
21:18 #spi: < schultmc> I can grant the board members membership cttee status after this meeting
21:18 #spi: < bdale> who's going to lead the ping and expire process?
21:19 #spi: < Noodles> I can probably do something around tying the voting information in.
21:19 #spi: < Noodles> To give a list of people to ping.
21:19 #spi: < Hydroxide> right, yes. as per the resolution
21:19 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: are you willing to nominally "lead" the activity on this?
21:19 #spi: < Noodles> I'm not likely to have much time in the next week or so, but I'll try to have something done before the next meeting (and by done I mean ping sent out).
21:20 #spi: < bdale> I'll take that as a "yes" .. ;-)
21:20 #spi: < Hydroxide> that'd be great. IIRC we had a four-week period envisaged in the resolution
21:20 #spi: < Hydroxide> so that shouldn't delay any eventual vote
21:20 #spi: < Solver> havnig this done over the next 1-2 months would seem to be a reasonable time period
21:20 #spi: < bdale> yes
21:20 #spi: < bdale> anything else?
21:21 #spi: < Solver> not from me
21:21 #spi: < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:21 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 8 March 2012, 21:00 UTC.
21:21 #spi: < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:21 #spi: < schultmc> no objections currently, may have objections in a couple weeks pending outcome of job stuff
21:21 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
21:21 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
