[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2005-12-13

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of December 13th, 2005, to be
held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. John Goerzen will not be able to attend.
3. President's report (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [AGM: July 1st, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-01/)
   2. [July 26th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-26/)
   3. [August 16th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-08-16/)
   4. [October 4th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-04/)
   5. [October 18th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-10-18/)
   6. [November 15th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-11-15/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Tax filing and book keeping status (Jimmy)
   2. Debian Core Consortium related issues (Mako)
   3. OFTC - new chair, new SPI representation (cdlu)
   4. Debian website copyright issues (Tommi Vainikainen) [see appendix]
   5. Nessus fork project membership: OpenVAS (see also <a href="http://www.openvas.org/doku.php?id=proposal_for_becoming_an_spi_project">openvas.org</a>(Tim Brown ([machine])) (resolution needed)
   6. PostgreSQL membership
   7. DUS (slef)
7. Next board meeting: Tuesday, January 17th, 2005 (John Goerzen)

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Software in the Public Interest Financial Data
==============================================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting,
recording donations when deposited (not when the check was
written or received by us) and recording expenses when sent
or scheduled for payment (not when incurred). Network for
Good processing fees are no longer listed, both to avoid
confusion and since they are already subtracted out from our
check before we ever receive it.

Profit/Loss November 1 2005 - November 30 2005

   Ordinary Income/Expense
      Income

        Donations
          Debian                                   1,950.92
          Unrestricted                               248.40[1]
        Total Donations                            2,199.32

      Total Income                                 2,199.32[1]

      Expense
        Reimbursement mailing fees (Debian earmark)   (4.00)[2]
        aKademy 2005 travel costs (Debian earmark)(1,623.32)
      Total Expense                               (1,627.32)

   Net Ordinary Income                               572.00[1]

   Net Income                                        572.00[1]

Balance Sheet as of November 30, 2005

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        First IB Checking
          Known Debian Earmark (non-DebConf5)      4,138.43
          Known DebConf5 Earmark                  13,258.30
          Known GNOME Earmark                         20.00
          Known GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
          Known Unrestricted Earmark                 575.54[1]
          Earmark to be Determined                12,258.78
        Total First IB Checking                   30,260.75[1]

        Ameriprise Financial Acct
          Earmark to be Determined                40,393.26
        Total Ameriprise Financial Acct           40,393.26

     Total Current Assets                         70,654.01[1]

   TOTAL ASSETS                                   70,654.01[1]


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     Equity
        Retained Earnings                         70,082.01
        Net Income                                   572.00
     Total Equity                                 70,654.01

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                     70,654.01

- Jimmy Kaplowitz, SPI Treasurer
treasurer@spi-inc.org

[1] This amount includes $10 from a check which was written in Canadian
dollars. Our bank handles these by crediting us the full face value and then
later adjusting to take into account the exchange rate between USD and CAD.
Therefore this amount will change when the bank deals with this, probably in
the December reporting period, but it will not change by much.

[2] These fees are for the aKademy 2005 travel costs, as incidental mailing
costs associated with a DPL-approved expense of Debian's. Therefore they are
Debian-earmarked. This makes sense to me as Treasurer, to Branden as Deputy
Treasurer, and also to Branden as DPL.
</pre>


### Discussion appendix

<pre>
Item 6.4:

Hello,

I don't know if someone else has draw your attention to Debian's web
page license, which is currently non-free Open Publication License.

To change license to something that fits Debian's definition of free,
there is SPI's board's attention needed because SPI has copyright for
Debian's web pages even though no FSF style paperwork has been done.

I'm a bit unsure about how much SPI board cares about Debian
internals, but maybe you want to discuss about this?

This issue has been reported as a bug, please see:

<a href="http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=238245">http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=238245</a>
</pre>


### Resolutions

<pre>
--- begin text of resolution 2005-12-13.jrk.1 ---
WHEREAS

1. PostgreSQL is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The PostgreSQL developers would like SPI to take donations for
purposes related to PostgreSQL.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. PostgreSQL is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1


4. The PostgreSQL Foundation, as represented by its president Josh
Berkus, is recognised by SPI as the current authoritative decisionmaker
in the PostgreSQL project. SPI understands that the authoritative
decisionmaking power for PostgreSQL will change to a new structure
represented by a different individual or individuals within the next
month. SPI expects that Josh Berkus will communicate this information to
the SPI Board as soon as the details are finalized and the names of the
new representatives are known.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
--- end text of resolution 2005-12-13.jrk.1 ---
</pre>

<pre>
Resolution 2005-12-13.mjr.1

WHEREAS

1. The Debian UK Society (DUS) is a small unincorporated
association in the UK trading as Debian at events and generally,
rather than individual developers trading as in the past.

2. It is harmful to the reputations of both Debian and Software
in the Public Interest for a licensed user of the Debian
trademark to break applicable laws.

3. A draft trademark licence for DUS has been posted to mailing
lists including spi-trademark, which requires a licensee to make
"diligent efforts to comply with all applicable laws".

4. There has been no public statement about notifying the Inland
Revenue by DUS principals.  That is not particularly unusual,
as no public statement is normally required.

5. DUS leader Phil Hands wrote to the debian-uk list in September
that their current membership conditions are "perhaps not legally
sound" but there has been no change to them yet.

I REQUEST THAT THE SPI BOARD RESOLVE THAT

6. If the trademark licence is agreeable to the DPL and board,
the licensing of the Debian trademark to DUS is revoked until
such time that DUS has made "diligent efforts to comply with
all applicable laws," including complying with the Human Rights
Act 1998 Schedule 1 Article 11 on freedom of association (and
possibly others) by ceasing to claim automatic involuntary
membership of the business by a class of debian developers.

7. DUS is requested to publish a copy of their notice to the
Inland Revenue of their start of trading.
</pre>

<pre>
--- begin text of resolution 2005-12-13.iwj.1 ---

WHEREAS

1. OpenVAS is a significant Free Software project.  (OpenVAS is the
   Open Source fork of Nessus.)

2. The OpenVAS developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including DNS hosting and registration and possibly other services
   including taking donations, to be decided later by OpenVAS.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. OpenVAS is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

4. Currently, Tim Brown, Sean Baumann and Robert Berkowitz are
   recognised by SPI as the authoritative decisionmakers for OpenVAS;
   any two out of the three must agree any particular decision
   (including any decision to delegate).  Tim, Sean and Robert have
   undertaken to base their decisions on consensus following
   consultation on relevant OpenVAS mailing list(s).

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.

--- end text of resolution ---
</pre>

