[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2005-08-16

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of August 16th, 2005, to be
held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Regrets received from Bruce Perens
3. President's report (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [April 12th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-04-12/)
   2. [April 26th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-04-26/)
   3. [May 17th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-05-17/)
   4. [June 21st, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-06-21/)
   5. [AGM: July 1st, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-01/)
   6. [July 26th, 2005](../../../minutes/2005/2005-07-26/)
6. Items up for discussion:
   1. Tax filing and book keeping status (Jimmy)
   2. Debian Core Consortium related issues (Mako)
7. Next board meeting: Tuesday, September 20th, 2005 (John Goerzen)

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Software in the Public Interest Financial Data
==============================================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting,
recording donations when deposited (not when the check was
written or received by us) and recording expenses when sent
or scheduled for payment (not when incurred). Network for
Good processing fees are no longer listed, both to avoid
confusion and since they are already subtracted out from our
check before we ever receive it. The specifics of the income
and expenses summarized here will be detailed in one or more
separate "BANK:" mails or snail mail reports.

Profit/Loss July 1 2005 - July 31 2005

   Ordinary Income/Expense
      Income
        Donations
          Unrestricted                                10.00
        Total Donations                               10.00

      Total Income                                    10.00

      Expense
        DebConf5 Reimbursement                    (8,741.70)[1]
        Purchase of SPI Checks                       (26.62)
      Total Expense                               (8,768.32)

   Net Ordinary Income                            (8,758.32)

   Net Income                                     (8,758.32)

Balance Sheet as of July 31, 2005

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        First IB Checking
          Known Debian Earmark (non-DebConf5)      2,262.15
          Known DebConf5 Earmark                  13,258.30
          Known GNOME Earmark                         20.00
          Known Unrestricted Earmark               1,213.07
          Earmark to be Determined                12,258.78
        Total First IB Checking                   29,012.30

        AmEx Financial Advisors Acct
          Earmark to be Determined                39,882.62
        Total AmEx Financial Advisors Acct        39,882.62

     Total Current Assets                         68,894.92

   TOTAL ASSETS                                   68,894.92

   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     Equity
        Retained Earnings                         77,653.24
        Net Income                                (8,758.32)
     Total Equity                                 68,894.92

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                     68,894.92

- Jimmy Kaplowitz, SPI Treasurer
treasurer@spi-inc.org

[1] According to our online banking information, $2,813.80 of this was
withdrawn from our account in July and $5,927.90 of this was withdrawn in
August. All of these reimbursements were distributed as US checks during
DebConf5 (quite an improvement from past years!), and so are listed in the
July report in accordance with the paragraph at the top of this message.


Bookkeeping update:

Quick update on the bookkeeping situation: Mako has now sent me and
Branden the new client checklist, which I will forward to the Board in a
separate mail. Branden will work on locating the needed documents (which
would be in his possession) within the next week or so, and he'll let me
know about any that are missing.

I happen, coincidentally, to be going to NYC later this week, and Mako
and I took advantage of this opportunity to have a three-way in-person
meeting with Frank of Mark's Bookkeeping on Friday the 19th. There we
will hand over the signed letter of engagement and the $1000 deposit
check, as well as those few relevant documents that are in my
possession, and try to set up mechanisms to pass data back and forth
between Mark's and SPI.

I expect that Branden will mail the relevant documents in his possession
to Mark's within the next several weeks, although we'll see what is
discussed on Friday. All in all, things seem like they are about to
start moving forward in a useful way.

Here's what we need to mail (if they are at all applicable):

1) Filing Receipt of Business

   - Type of Business i.e. Corporation, Partnership, LLC, and/or Sole
     Proprietorship

   - Confirmation of S Corporation (if any) from State and Federal

2) Proof of Federal Tax ID# - (may use a confirmed copy of SS-4,
   letter from IRS, 8109 coupon)

3) Employer Registration number and rate if this has been assigned by
   the Dept. of Labor

4) Copy of Sales Tax Certificate

5) Copy of Federal, State and City Tax Returns i.e., income tax, sales
   tax, and payroll tax

6) Bank Account(s) Information including on-line access

7) Credit Card Account(s) Information including on-line access

8) If outside payroll service is used - including payroll journals

10) Client Information (name, address, phone, open balances, terms)

11) Vendor Information (name, address, phone open balances, terms)

12) Inventory List of packing slips and invoices for inventory

13) Physical Inventory On-Hand Count (Actual Manual Count)


  6-7: Should also include bank statements for all periods that should
       be worked on.
</pre>

