[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 11th November, 2024

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board Meeting of Monday, November 11th
2024, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Héctor Orón Martínez)
5. Secretary's report (Zach van Rijn)
6. Outstanding minutes
    1. [Monday, 14 October, 2024](/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-10-14/)
7. Items up for discussion
    1. Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project
    2. Rigs of Rods as an associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: December 9, 2024, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report


## Items up for Discussion

### Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project

(From Michael)

<pre>
SPI resolution 2024-11-06.ms.2

WHEREAS

1. The OpenVAS project developers transferred all intellectual property
   of OpenVAS to Greenbone AG in 2018;

2. The OpenVAS liaison requested disassociation in the same year, but due to legal
restrictions it was not possible for SPI to dispose of OpenVAS domains at the date;

3. SPI concluded the sale of OpenVAS domains in November 7th, 2024.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

OpenVAS is hereby removed as an Associated Project.
</pre>

### Rigs of Rods as an associated project

(From Jeremy)

<pre>
SPI resolution 2024-11-11.js.1

WHEREAS

1. Rigs of Rods is a substantial and significant free/libre open
   source software project providing a vehicle simulator that uses
   soft-body physics to simulate the motion, destruction, and
   deformation of vehicles.

2. The Rigs of Rods project would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project
   expenses, holding substantial and intangible assets, signing
   contracts, accounting, auditing, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Rigs of Rods is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
   Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects,
   SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy
   of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Rafael Galvan is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI Liaison for Rigs of Rods. Successors will be
   appointed by the project leader.

5. If the last known SPI Liaison for Rigs of Rods is unreachable and
   no new SPI Liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Other Business

<pre>
pending
</pre>
