[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 9th December, 2024

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board Meeting of Monday, December 9th
2024, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Héctor Orón Martínez)
5. Secretary's report (Zach van Rijn)
6. Outstanding minutes
    1. (not yet available; defer to next meeting)
7. Items up for discussion
    1. Whisper as an associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: January 13, 2025, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report


## Items up for Discussion

### Whisper as an associated project

<pre>
SPI Resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1

WHEREAS

1. Whisper is a substantial and significant free/libre open
   source software project providing an accessibility service
   for the non-verbal community in the mobile apps landscape;

2. The Whisper project would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project
   expenses, holding substantial and intangible assets, signing
   contracts, accounting, auditing, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Whisper is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
   Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects,
   SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy
   of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Daniel C Brotsky is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI Liaison for Whisper, with William E Weihl
   serving as a deputy contact in cases where the liaison is
   unavailable. Successors will be appointed by the sitting liaison.

5. If the last known SPI Liaison or deputy for Whisper is
   unreachable and no new SPI Liaison is appointed for two
   consecutive years, the associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Other Business

<pre>
pending
</pre>
