# Position statement for Joshua D. Drake

Name: Joshua D. Drake
Nick: linuxpoet

Background:

PostgreSQL:

* Active PostgreSQL Contributor
* PostgreSQL SPI Liaison
* President United States PostgreSQL
* President of Command Prompt, Inc., a long time PostgreSQL contributor

SPI:

* Contributing SPI Member since 2006
* Board Member since 2007
* PostgreSQL SPI Liaision

General Bits:

Since 1997 I have been a contributor to the FOSS world. My primary focus
(for obvious reasons if you look at my company website
www.commandprompt.com) has been PostgreSQL. Further my membership with
LedgerSMB and SPI were brought about because of my relationship with the
PostgreSQL community.

Professional bits:

* President and Co-Founder Command Prompt, Inc.
* Co-authored Oreilly's Practical PostgreSQL

Have been published hundreds of times in various periodicals including
Linux Journal,

Web Techniques, Linux World and others that no longer exist due to Dot Bomb.

Why continue to serve the SPI Board?

When I was originally elected I noted that I wanted to see SPI become
more than a glorified Paypal. I believe we have done a good job of
moving away from that ideal. I also believe there is more to be done.
SPI has grown quite a bit in the last few years and I believe that I
have the experience to help SPI and the board continue that growth.

I would like to see SPI continue to add associated projects as well as
start putting its funds to good use. I actively promote SPI and have
brought projects to SPI. If re-elected I would continue to do to attempt
to help guide and grow SPI in a responsible fashion.

Some things that I stated in my previous statements have not yet come
true and I would like to see if another term would allow me to do so
including but not limited to:

* Providing SPI sponsored open source work shops
* Assisting Open Source user groups in establishing themselves
