# Position statement for Gregers Petersen

My name is Gregers Petersen and I am running for a seat on the SPI
board of directors. I have for a number of years acted as relationship
manager for the OpenWrt.org project. OpenWrt develops a Linux based
distribution for embedded systems, and the main-body of the
distributed source-code is licensed under GPLv2. I have been the
OpenWrt liaison since OpenWrt became an SPI-Inc. associated project,
as well as being active in the initial process of joining.

My professional background is social anthropology, and I currently
work as systems-administrator at Copenhagen University. My
anthropological research has until date focused on the ethnographic
study of relations of ownership in a free software context, technology
use, community based wireless networks and digital archiving amongst
other topics. I have also in the past worked with user-driven design,
change management, organizational consulting and teaching.

I have been using free and open source software since the mid-90's
which over the years has brought me to a deep interests in embedded
systems, wireless networking and information-security. From an early
onset it has been important for me to help others with learning the
"ins and outs" of free software.

SPI is constantly increasing its number of associated projects and the
focus/interests of the various projects is diversifying. As member of
the SPI board of directors I would focus on securing ease of
communication and direct ways of responding to requests and needs from
associated projects. There might be need for changes in the services
offered by SPI and the organizational form itself. SPI is simply due
to the increase in associated projects being scaled up and this does
offer challenges likewise as potentials. My personal background both
as an anthropologist and with my past experiences gives me a stable
baseline for meeting such challenges.

It is my hope that I will be given the opportunity to be elected to
the SPI board. I believe that I can add valuable skills and
experiences to the future work and development of Software in the
Public Interest. I live in Copenhagen, Denmark, together with my
children, a cat and a young shiba inu dog. My nick on both OFTC and
Freenode is glp.

