21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 < schultmc> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2019/2019-09-09/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < schultmc> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:01 < tpot> Tim Potter
21:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:01 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
21:01 < lamby> Chris Lamb
21:01 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:02 < lamby> Evening all. o/
21:02 * schultmc will sms zobel
21:03 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:03 < Snow-Man> (apologies for being tardy, at an airport)
21:04 < schultmc> sms'd zobel - we are now quorate so we can continue
21:04 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:05 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:05 < zobel> sorry for being late
21:05 < schultmc> I've been working on getting our Directors and Officers insurance renewed and should have that done early this week. I've also been working with zobel on transferring treasury tasks over to him as well as helping with the backlog in treasury tasks.
21:05 < tbm> are you following up on the urgent OpenSAF item?
21:05 < schultmc> I'm also working on some outstanding paperwork for OpenSAF and getting Snow-Man more involved with our contractors, particularly our it contractor ler
21:06 < schultmc> tbm: yes - I should have that followed up after the meeting
21:06 < tbm> ok, great
21:06  -!- JamesPattison <~Mutter@2001:8003:19ac:c500:5028:ba91:99dd:7ad4> has joined #spi
21:06 < schultmc> Unless there are additional questions I'll move on to the next agenda item
21:07 < lamby> The OpenSAF issue is the trademark thing, right?
21:07 < schultmc> primarily, yes
21:07 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:07 < schultmc> zobel?
21:07 < zobel> Treasurer's report
21:07 < zobel> * Transition from Michael to me ongoing, moving 2FA tokens from Michael's cell phone number to G-Suite account treasurer@ attached phone number
21:07 < zobel> * Working on backlog of treasurer-ap (account payable) RT queue, down to 26 open tickets (as of Saturday)
21:07 < zobel> * Going through treasurer-ar (account receivable), looking for old pending items
21:07 < zobel> * Need to provide more monthly QFX and CSV data to tbm
21:08 < zobel> no monthly report, i hope to post it later. maybe next week.
21:08 < lamby> What's QFX?
21:08 < zobel> export format of banking data
21:08 < zobel> quicken format basicly.
21:09 < schultmc> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Financial_Exchange
21:09 < zobel> but ledger-importer can read that.
21:09 < schultmc> QFX is intuit's version of OFX
21:09 < tbm> zobel has done a fantastic job on the accounts payable queue, which had a backlog due to DebConf and LibreOffice conferences
21:09 < zobel> i think i started with ~60 open RT tickets.
21:10 < zobel> on treasurer-ap
21:10 < zobel> any more questions?
21:11 < ler> zobel: did you see my DM
21:11 < lamby> (none here)
21:11 < zobel> yes, will answer once i arrived at the hotel... currently travling, late plane due to technical problems.
21:11 < ler> kk
21:12 < zobel> schultmc: move on then?
21:12 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:12 < schultmc> tpot?
21:12 < tpot> Two items - F2F planning underway but we need to nail down a date. Current proposed is 22nd and 23rd of November.
21:13 < tpot> Also collecting signed conflict of interest forms. Please fill these out, gpg sign, and send them to me.
21:13 < tpot> .
21:13 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:13 < schultmc> The minutes for 2019-08-12 require approval.
21:13 < schultmc> They can be found at http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-08-12/
21:13 < zobel> tpot: tentative yes from me re dates f2f. need to check with family though.
21:13 < schultmc> sorry - should've paused for questions/comments
21:14 < lamby> Do we need to vote on approving those minutes?
21:14 < fsf> yep :)
21:14 < schultmc> yes - tpot will start the vote shortly
21:14 < tpot> Sorry, voting script is on other laptop which died yesterday aftenroon so voting will be manually counted by me.
21:15 < tpot> Are there any comments about the minutes?
21:15 < Snow-Man> Fun times.
21:15 < fsf> None from me
21:16 < tpot> OK please vote with !yes, !no, or !abstain to accept the minutes for the meeting of the 12th of August.
21:16 < tpot> 2019
21:16 < fsf> !yes
21:16 < Snow-Man> !yes
21:16 < schultmc> !yes
21:16 < tridge> !abstain
21:16 < tpot> !yes
21:16 < lamby> !abstain
21:16 < zobel> !yes
21:16 < tpot> Vote passed 5/0/2.
21:17 < tpot> (yes/no/abstain)
21:17 < tpot> thanks everyone
21:17 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:17 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Face to Face meeting date and location]
21:18 < zobel> who's item was that?
21:18 < tpot> Still collecting a couple of people's feedback on date.
21:18 < tpot> me
21:18 < schultmc> tpot:
21:19 < tpot> HRT as agreed in principle to host us again (hooray!) and are waiting on confirmation of dates
21:19 < fsf> HRT?
21:19 < Snow-Man> Hudson River Trading
21:19 < Snow-Man> very nice board room. :)
21:19 < fsf> thanks!
21:20 < tpot> Very nice indeed.
21:20 < lamby> Confirmation of dates from HRT, that is, or officers?
21:20 < lamby> *board members
21:20 < tpot> Just the dates.
21:20 < lamby> ... but dates from whom? :) ^
21:21 < lamby> You mention both HRT and "couple of people's" :)
21:21 < tpot> Are there any comments about the date and location? Once I get confirmation from Zobel I will orgniase the 22nd and 23rd with HRT.
21:21 < fsf> None from me
21:22 < schultmc> HRT is a good location - date is fine with me
21:22 < zobel> can we get 21st too, or maybe at crunchy data, so we can do treasurer stuff on the 21st?
21:22 < tpot> OK - I just wanted to mention it to everyone on the board when we are all in the same place (well, IRC) at the same time.
21:22 < lamby> Thanks :)
21:22 < tpot> Good idea - treasurer sprint worked wlel last year.
21:23 < tpot> OK that was it from me on that item.
21:23 < schultmc> we had 2 days for treasurer sprint last time iirc - I'm fine with whatever is deemed necessary
21:23 < lamby> Neat, thanks.
21:23 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:23 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:24 < fsf> is there a preferred hotel for the f2f?
21:24 < schultmc> we've mostly stayed relatively close to the venue for the meeting
21:24 < ler> Any chance of discussing my note to board@ re: 1Password?
21:24 < tpot> I'm not sure how tbm chose hotels last year, but something not too expenseive in the financial district should be OK.
21:24 < schultmc> personal preference for hotel brands is fine within reason
21:25 < fsf> ACK, thanks everyone.  I second discussion of ler's item
21:25 < tpot> Don't stay in New Jersey. (-:
21:25 < Snow-Man> I wanted to provide an update wrt where we are infra wise too, or ler is welcome to
21:25 < ler> go for it, Snow-Man
21:25 < schultmc> ler: we're currently using pwstore (https://github.com/weaselp/pwstore) but can consider other options
21:26 < Snow-Man> let's discuss the pw situation first, since it was brought up first
21:26 < lamby> Similar question re. hotels, is there a preferred airline or direction in that area? At least one of my flights will be overnight y'see.
21:26 < Snow-Man> so- ler, do you have an opinion wrt pwstore..?
21:26 < weasel> hm?
21:26 < Snow-Man> It seems similar to pass, which I'm familiar with from pginfra
21:26 < schultmc> SPI is more cost conscious than brand conscious
21:26 < ler> I've never used it (pwstore).
21:27 < Snow-Man> well..  from my 2c, I'm less concerned with the cost.
21:27 < Snow-Man> If we feel that 1password is the best available solution and there's a cost, so be it
21:27 < ler> I find 1P to be a great way to have secure sharing
21:27 < ler> and I'm already a user ($DAYJOB and my family).
21:27 < schultmc> (the cost comment was regarding airline, btw)
21:27 < Snow-Man> (oh, sorry :)
21:28 < ler> bonus: IF we do 1P, everyone we give an account to, gets a FREE families account.
21:28 < lamby> My fault for mixing topics, mea culpa..
21:28 < ler> we get a 25% discount if we send them our 501(c)(3) doc.
21:28 < Snow-Man> weasel: since you're here ... any thought towards pwstore vs 1password? :D
21:28 < zobel> ler: pwstore uses just gpg and git and is tooling around it.
21:28 < Snow-Man> yea, pass is similar
21:28 < weasel> I don't know 1password
21:29 < Snow-Man> I really like that we've arranged pass to send out each update to the repo via email too
21:29 < weasel> the usecase that pwstore solves for us is that different files have different people who should be able to access them
21:29 < Snow-Man> so there's no question wrt if any admin needs access, as long as they've got their email
21:29 < ler> A friend of mine who was involved in AIX's security stuff says 1P is VERY GOOD with the security.
21:29 < Snow-Man> security is important, but so is availability
21:29 < ler> https://1password.com/files/1Password%20for%20Teams%20White%20Paper.pdf
21:30 < weasel> other than that, it's just porcelain on top of git
21:30 < ler> they are hosted on AWS
21:30 < weasel> erm, on top of gpg
21:30 < fsf> Is pwstore zero-friction, or near it, for everyone that needs to use it?
21:30 < Snow-Man> weasel: understood, thanks
21:30 < weasel> and you don't need it to read the data, only if you want to update it
21:30 < weasel> fsf: I wouldn't say that.  it uses gpg, and gpg is icky to script with
21:31 < weasel> I know of a few places that use it, but I'd estimate users (as in orgs, not individual people) in the dozens at most.  maybe I'm mistaken.
21:31 < zobel> i would prefer to use open source tools for storing passwords without vendor lock-in
21:31 < ler> I've *NEVER* in 4+ years had a time that I couldn't get to it.
21:31 < ler> you can always export them.
21:31 < ler> even if the account expires
21:31 < weasel> 1password seems like a closed binary only non-free tool?
21:32 < ler> if the account expires, it goes read only.
21:32 < ler> weasel: yes.
21:32 < weasel> "account"
21:32 < weasel> oh my.
21:32 < ler> org account.
21:32 < Snow-Man> alright, who else on the board wishes to express an opinion...?
21:33 < tpot> I am fine either way.
21:33 < Snow-Man> alright, I feel like with zobel's preference and mine being towards OSS, we should stick with pwstore for now.
21:33 < fsf> In that case, it's probably worth it to get a solution that is closer to zero-friction. If something hurts to use, it's easiest not to use it, which leads to flatfiles of credentials sitting around on peoples' harddrives.  I don't have strong opinions or knowledge of workflows re: keepass, except to sa ythat its security is Fine (but needs some work to shuffle the vault around)
21:33 < Snow-Man> (oh, sorry fsf)
21:33 < ler> keepass doesn't facilitate SHARING.
21:33 < schultmc> I've used pwstore for treasury team, past admin team, and personally
21:33 < ler> which is what we need here.
21:34 < Snow-Man> ler: pwstore does tho.
21:34 < Snow-Man> and we're already using it
21:34 < zobel> ler: please look at pwstore.
21:34 < Snow-Man> and we have enough things, frankly, to deal with than migration of the secrets.
21:34 < zobel> its tools around gnupg and git
21:34 < ler> I did, if y'all give me access.....
21:34 < fsf> I think that using pwstore in the short-term is also Fine, I don't have any security worries there except hte knock-on worries that poor usability invite (which are severe, but also easily-mitigated for people who are particularly tech savvy with respect to gpgp et al)
21:35 < tpot> zobel: can you give access to pwstore to ler?
21:35 < Snow-Man> yes... schultmc, can you set up access for ler and myself?
21:35 < Snow-Man> or zobel, either way...
21:35 < schultmc> yes
21:35 < tpot> or schultmc (-
21:35 < ler> pwstore is basically a big ruby script
21:35 < ler> 1P the credentials are NEVER in cleartext on disk.
21:35 < ler> but whatever the board wants.
21:35 < zobel> ler: neither is pwstore
21:36 < Snow-Man> ok, I think we need to move on
21:36 < Snow-Man> We'll go with pwstore for now, and schultmc or zobel will arrange access for myself and ler.
21:36 < fsf> seconded, it soudns like further discussion should happen on board@ if necessary
21:36 < Snow-Man> Regarding the larger effort of migrating the infra
21:37 < Snow-Man> We've now got a chef server up and running (which I've got access to, at least, though I can't access other things as yet)
21:37 < Snow-Man> It's not really configured yet, but we are working on that
21:37 < Snow-Man> In order to bootstrap it, we got a cheap $13 cert from gandi
21:37 < Snow-Man> but, we will be migrating to let's encrypt in the future
21:37 < Snow-Man> once we have the DNS automation in place
21:38 < Snow-Man> ler will be working this week to finish configuring and setting up the chef system
21:38 < fsf> re: chef, does SPI already use chef in conjunction with puppet, or does the migration replace puppet?
21:38 < Snow-Man> This migration replaces puppet.
21:38 < ler> replaces puppet
21:38 < Snow-Man> I have some familiarity with both, but ler in particular is very familiar with chef
21:38 < Snow-Man> which should facilitate our migration efforts.
21:39 < fsf> No need to discuss now, but I'd be interested to see why, the plan, etc
21:39 < ler> I use Chef at $DAYJOB.
21:39 < Snow-Man> fsf: A great deal of it is "we need to get this done ASAP"
21:39 < Snow-Man> We do not have any idea when our existing hosting will go away
21:39 < Snow-Man> but we are concerned that it could happen literally any day.
21:39 < zobel> anything alese we need to discuss?
21:39 < Snow-Man> ler: other things to add
21:39 < Snow-Man> ?
21:39 < schultmc> we gave our IT contractor discression in selecting a configuration management system
21:40 < ler> I'll be trying to move DNS this week, and setting up a different way of updating the zones to facilitate EASY let's encrypt/DNS-01 challenges.
21:40 < Snow-Man> right
21:40 * zobel would like to move away from airport to his final destination (the hotel) and still has ~50min with public transportation
21:40 < ler> that's why the password discussion.  I'll be using NSUPDATE
21:40 < ler> with keys, and NOT editing the zone files directly
21:41 < fsf> ack, nothing else from me on this
21:41 < Snow-Man> right
21:41 < schultmc> we can move discussion to email
21:41 < Snow-Man> That wraps this discussion.
21:41 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:41 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: October 14th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
21:41 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:41 < lamby> (From above) Preferred airline or direction/guidance/policy in this area? At least one of my flights will be overnight.
21:41 < Snow-Man> I can *likely* do the 14th but not 100%, I'll be in Milan
21:41 < lamby> I would also be interested in whether we plan to have evening events inviting others etc. etc. (a good friend will be in town on our mooted dates)
21:42 * zobel will be on VAC on 14th.
21:42 * Snow-Man will be driving. :D
21:42 < lamby> 14th wfm :)
21:42 < fsf> oct 14 should be good for me, no objections
21:42 < fsf> I'll have a hard stop at half-past the hour though
21:43 < schultmc> lamby: be cost conscious - no preferred airline. SPI pays for economy, if you prefer more expensive you pay the difference
21:44 < schultmc> 14th works for me
21:44 < Snow-Man> The 14th isn't sounding great for others tho...  maybe we should discuss over email.
21:44 < Snow-Man> I feel like we can close this meeting out tho?
21:44 < schultmc> I'm fine with moving the meeting - we can discuss on list
21:44 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
