20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < schultmc> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2019/2019-10-14/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tpot if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < lamby> Chris Lamb
20:00 < zumbi> Hector Oron Martinez
20:01 < schultmc> we've received regrets from zobel
20:01 < schultmc> tpot: any other regrets?
20:01 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
20:01 < tpot> None received.
20:01 < schultmc> we're quorate regardless
20:01 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < schultmc> I have delegated contractor management to Stephen Frost. He had a conference call with our IT contractor recently to get up to speed on the IT infrastructure upgrade/migration project.
20:01 < schultmc> I've worked with tbm and OpenSAF on their trademark and asset transfer paperwork.
20:01 < schultmc> I've submitted our Director's and Officer's insurance renewal paperwork to our insurance broker. I resent the paperwork this morning since I hadn't heard back from the broker in a few days.
20:01 < schultmc> </end>
20:02 < schultmc> any questions?
20:02 < lamby> What's the status of the OpenSAF transfer? :)
20:03 < schultmc> lamby: I'm not certain - the signed paperwork was sent to OpenSAF. I'll ping them to see if they need anything else.
20:04 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < schultmc> zobel is on vacation. The treasury team is continuing to work through the treasury queue in RT. tbm has been pinging me on urgent requests but for most requests, they are processed FIFO.
20:04 < lamby> Neat. ^  I guess this also speaks to a more general question of ensuring transfer things (or things blocking on other people) do not "fall through the cracks".
20:05 < schultmc> ideally our IT infrastructure migration will be completed soon - I'm not certain my e-mails are always being received regardless of the method I send them
20:06 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:06 < schultmc> tpot?
20:06 < tpot> It hasn't been mentioned officially but we are confirmed for 22nd and 23rd at HRT for the face-to-face meeting.
20:06 < tpot> As we're starting to get closer to the date I will ramp up getting things organised.
20:07 < tpot> Am working on getting the Apple Developer agreement signed but having trouble connecting people together to get that going.
20:07 < tpot> EOF
20:07 < tpot> Oh, CoI declarations are still due.
20:08 < tpot> Thanks for schultmc for forwarding his today.
20:08 < tpot> EOF again
20:08 < luca> is he the only one to have completed the CoI?
20:08 < lamby> What's the Apple Developer agreement?
20:08 < lamby> Hm, I think I sent my CoI in.. I think. :)
20:08 < tpot> Zobel is the only one not to have completed at this stage.
20:08 < tpot> Everyone else is fine
20:09 < tpot> (and thanks!)
20:09 < luca> thanks
20:09 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:09 < schultmc> The minutes for 2019-09-09 require approval.
20:09 < schultmc> They can be found at http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-09-09/
20:09 < tpot> Voting started, 7 people (tpot,lamby,schultmc,fsf,tridge,zumbi,luca) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting on Monday 9th September 2019. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:09 < tpot> Whoops I think I jumped the gun on that. Will give a couple of minutes for reading/checking etc.
20:09 < luca> !vote abstain
20:09 < tridge> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> !vote yes
20:09 < zumbi> !vote abstain
20:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:09 < lamby> !vote yes
20:10 < tpot> !vote yes
20:10 < tpot> OK then
20:10 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept minutes for meeting on Monday 9th September 2019": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 0 ()
20:10 < tpot> Voting for "Accept minutes for meeting on Monday 9th September 2019" closed.
20:10 < luca> guests present includes tbm
20:10 < luca> tbm has (President) next to his name
20:10 < luca> wondering if that's a typo
20:10 < lamby> rsid
20:10 < lamby> (whoops, fat fingers)
20:11 < tpot> heh - yes a typo - cut&paste because I still can't spell his name (-:
20:12 < schultmc> i[item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:12 < schultmc> [item 7.1, Notification of non-material error in election of Secretary]
20:12 < tpot> fixed
20:12 < tpot> Alright - so tbm discovered an error in the electino date for the secretary position (i.e me)
20:12 < tpot> which was propagated throughout the minutes
20:12 < luca> the minutes speak to treasurer-ap and treasurer-ar tickets
20:12 < tpot> My election is due next year, not this year as was held a few months ago.
20:12 < luca> but not to the 46 remaining in treasurer
20:13 < luca> which include contracts, etc.
20:13 < tpot> Since there were no other candiates we can declare this election void and luckily no harm done.
20:13 < tpot> Minutes have been updated with the correct election date.
20:13 < tpot> Thanks to tbm for finding this!
20:13 < tpot> EOF
20:14 < schultmc> officer elections are annual, director terms expire after 3 years (typically)
20:14 < schultmc> tpot: you didn't need to be reelected to the board but did need to be elected secretary
20:14 < tpot> ah yes - correct
20:15 < tpot> thanks for the further clarification
20:15 < tpot> I will write this up a bit better for the minutes.
20:16 < schultmc> [item 7.2, Missing conflict of interest notifications (zobel, schultheiss, tpot)]
20:16 < schultmc> I signed the conflict of interest form on 2019-09-19 but inadvertently forgot to email it in. I've e-mailed secretary@ the signed form this morning.
20:16 < schultmc> this was already discussed in the secretary report.
20:16 < tpot> Thanks!
20:16 < schultmc> zobel is the only outstanding aiui
20:16 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:16 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:17 < tpot> Just following up on lamby's question about the Apple Developer Agreeement
20:17 < fsf> I have something regarding reimbursement for face-to-face travel expenses
20:17 < tpot> It should allow member preojects to upload to the mac and iOS app stores.
20:17 < zumbi> I would like to say something too
20:17 < lamby> Also, I thiiink we might be losing mails in/around RT. Or I am being too keen / eager in expecting replies. :)
20:17 < zumbi> right, I wanted to propose a email/RT backlog weekly review
20:17 < luca> too keen/eager
20:18 < tpot> zumbi: great idea!
20:18 < lamby> luca: ^_^
20:18 < schultmc> weekly review would be helpful
20:18 < zumbi> but first we need to clean the current backlog
20:18 < luca> lamby: not inappropriately so
20:18 < schultmc> fsf: what's your question?
20:19 < fsf> Are the instructions at https://emyr.net/spi/ accurate, up-to-date etc?
20:19 < fsf> And is that site considered stable?
20:19 < schultmc> fsf: that's luca's personal server
20:19 < schultmc> it's the test bed for the SPI reimbursement form
20:20 < schultmc> http://www.spi-inc.org/treasurer/reimbursement-form/ is live but not the latest version
20:20 < lamby> luca: Either answer genuinely works for me, just would obviously prefer not to annoy folks.. :)
20:21 < fsf> schultmc: OK, thank you.  I'll use that URL unless I hear otherwise then
20:21 < zumbi> When would be a good time to a) discuss urgent issues (as in or after meeting) and b) day of the week to work on the email/RT backlog?
20:22 < fsf> On that note, I must leave.  Please accept my regrets if I miss anything :)
20:22 < schultmc> for .us either one should work fine, for ! .us, the test version has some good updates
20:22 < luca> fsf: the process at emyr.net is what i developed for DebConf 2017 reimbursements; seemed to work okay so we made a webform
20:22 < schultmc> thank you for your time and participation, fsf!
20:23 < schultmc> I'm available most days around the meeting time to work on SPI
20:23 < schultmc> SMS is the fastest way to get a hold of me regarding urgent tasks - my contact info is in the board-private git repo
20:24 < schultmc> any other discussions?
20:25 < zumbi> We have some important pending tasks which are not so urgent, but have been delayed for some time
20:25 < lamby> What kind of things, just out of curiousity?
20:25 < zumbi> There were few requests, i.e. having a subproject ear-mark, like Debconf case
20:26 < zumbi> We need to solve the contracts for project contractors
20:26 < zumbi> RT#2712, RT#2713, RT#3215
20:27 < zumbi> I believe translatewiki.net is being on-boarded, but we would need more info on the process status
20:27 < schultmc> Snow-Man has been working on contractors for SPI - I'll review the tickets after the meeting
20:27 < zumbi> What is the status for OpenWRT transtioning out of SPI?
20:28 < zumbi> What is the status of the audit?
20:28 < schultmc> lamby reached out to Karen Sandler at SFC - she responded that they're working on the process on their end and will reach out soon
20:28 < schultmc> aiui, the audit is complete or nearly complete - tbm has the most up to date status of the audit
20:29 < lamby> Karen replied in Message-ID: <9b4fdff9ef3df2e7b8985571689b3815@sfconservancy.org>, 10 day ago
20:29 < lamby> "we'll be in touch to coordinate the transfer"
20:29 < zumbi> Should we handle those X.org/freedesktop domains?
20:29 < schultmc> yes, we should handle the x.org/fdo domains. I'll reach out to our domain registrar partner
20:30 < zumbi> sorry I have too many more questions
20:30 < schultmc> no problem - these all need to be adressed
20:30 < luca> schultmc: or delegate the domains to Snow-Man 
20:30 < schultmc> luca: I can do that
20:30 < zumbi> Do we want chef addition to sponsors page?
20:31 < luca> i think that's been added to the F2F agenda
20:31 < zumbi> do we accept AWS Marketplace Seller agreement?
20:31 < schultmc> they're giving us a gratis license for their paid product - further discussion may be needed
20:31 < luca> yes, otherwise Debian Cloud Team can't make progress
20:31 < zumbi> does it need to be reviewed by SFLC?
20:32 < schultmc> that may be prudent
20:32 < luca> probably; the odds of getting anything changed are very low
20:32 < luca> but we should know what we are signing
20:32 < schultmc> I'll reach out to SFLC after this meeting
20:32 < zumbi> same for contractors, someone submitted a contract, which we need to review/acknowledge
20:33 < zumbi> do we want to sign that one, or create our own template for contractors for projects?
20:33 < schultmc> we have our own template for SPI contractors - we can compare it to what was drafted by them
20:34 < zumbi> who would need to action that?
20:34 < tridge> where is the template?
20:34 < schultmc> board-private git repo
20:35 < tbm> zumbi: audit: I received a new draft last week which I need to review.  I think we're getting close
20:36 < zumbi> tbm: is it planned to end before F2F?
20:36 < tbm> zumbi: 990 filing deadline is Nov 15, so yes
20:37 < zumbi> there was a request from top10vpn, is that up for discussion at f2f as well?
20:38 < tpot> Was there a resolution to the Chef sponsor discussion on the mailing list?
20:38 < tpot> Or rather an acceptable resoultion.
20:38 < luca> i think we're suggesting that that be a F2F discussion
20:38 < tpot> ok
20:38 < zumbi> OK - That's all from my side. Thanks!
20:39 < luca> there's a RiseUp pad with agenda items
20:39 < zumbi> https://pad.riseup.net/p/wegkI2cCdY04oshl0CHE-keep
20:41 < lamby> So, I've got an outstanding item on my personal TODO to lockdown my F2F travel, although that's 50% so I can confirm some misc meetups with free software folks. I have an open ticket, but I think things are genuinely getting lost in the RT system (eg. no confirmation mails?) which is a more general problem.
20:42  * schultmc sees the updates to lamby's ticket
20:42 < schultmc> I'll work with the IT team to see if there are email blacklist issues
20:42 < schultmc> any other items for AOB?
20:43 < lamby> Neat, as long as they are getting through that wfm
20:43 < lamby> Oh, do we need to do anything alse re the "linux" links on debian.org ?
20:43 < schultmc> debian press team is discussing it last I saw
20:44 < luca> correct; it's in their hands
20:44 < zumbi> We can check with Laura
20:44 < zumbi> .. but it should be on their end now
20:45 < schultmc> AOB </end> ?
20:45 < luca> lamby: your email from Oct 9 is the last on the ticket
20:45 < zumbi> y
20:46 < luca> lamby: so, unless you've replied since then, emails in/out are okay
20:46 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:46 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: November 11th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
20:46 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:46 < zumbi> None
20:46 < schultmc> Our f2f is 2019-11-22 through 2019-11-23 - do we need an irc and f2f meeting next month?
20:46 < lamby> I may not be able to make November 11th, but will do my utmost. :)
20:47  * schultmc is fine either way
20:47 < lamby> luca: Thanks. Seems like the ball is in someone else's court. :)
20:47 < zumbi> I'd like to have both
20:47 < schultmc> ok
20:47 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: November 11th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
20:47 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
