# Meeting agenda for Thursday 13th December, 2012

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Thursday,
December 13th, 2012, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jonathan McDowell)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Thursday, 8th November 2012](../../../minutes/2012/2012-11-08/)
      (Jonathan McDowell)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2012-12-09.jmd.1 (0 A.D. as associated project)
   2. Resolution 2012-12-10.jrk.1 (SproutCore as associated project)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: January 10th, 2013, 20:00 UTC


## President's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

## Resolution 2012-12-09.jmd.1: 0 A.D. as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. 0 A.D. is a substantial and useful open source project.

2. The 0 A.D. developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including taking donations, holding funds and intangible assets,
   and providing legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. 0 A.D. is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at

   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

4. Erik Johansson is recognised by SPI as the current SPI liaison for
   0 A.D. He will inform SPI of any change in the current liaison. In
   the event of his unavailability Aviv Sharon will act as his
   temporary replacement.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

## Resolution 2012-12-10.jrk.1: SproutCore as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. SproutCore is a substantial and useful open source project, specifically a
   JavaScript web application framework released under the MIT license.

2. The SproutCore developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including taking donations and holding funds and intangible assets.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. SproutCore is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at

   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

4. Tyler Keating is recognised by SPI as the current SPI liaison for SproutCore
   and will elect his own replacement. If Tyler Keating is unable to act as
   liaison in the future and is unable or unwilling to elect a replacement,
   one of the Project Owners of SproutCore should be chosen by vote amongst the
   entire SproutCore Core Team (including Reviewers & Committers). The list of
   SproutCore Project Owners, Reviewers, and Committers is available at
   https://github.com/sproutcore/sproutcore/wiki/List-of-Collaborators.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2012 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
