# Meeting agenda for Thursday 13th September, 2012

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Thursday,
September 13th, 2012, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jonathan McDowell)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Thursday, 9th August 2012](../../../minutes/2012/2012-08-09/)
      (Jonathan McDowell)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2012-09-07.rtb.1 (Relicensing Debian Logos)
   2. Resolution 2012-09-13.bg.1 (TideSDK as associated project)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: October 11th, 2012, 20:00 UTC


## President's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

## Resolution 2012-09-07.rtb.1: Relicensing Debian Logos

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The Debian Project Leader, Stefano Zacchiroli, has requested that SPI
relicense the Debian logos listed in paragraph 5 below to meet the Debian
Free Software Guidelines.

2. The Debian Project Leader has sought and obtained legal advice on
relicensing the Debian logos and has presented this advice to the Board.

3. The Debian Project lists and depicts each of its logos at
http://www.debian.org/logos/.

THE BOARD RESOLVES that:

4. Resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.2 is repealed.

5. The Debian logos being relicensed are:

   a) The Debian Open Use Logo depicting a red swirl with the word "Debian"

   b) The Debian Open Use Logo depicting a red swirl without the word "Debian"

6. The Debian logos listed in paragraph 5 above are relicensed under the
GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) version 3 or later, or, at the
recipient's option, Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License
(CC-BY-SA) 3.0.
</pre>


## Resolution 2012-09-13.bg.1: TideSDK as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. TideSDK is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The TideSDK developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
   taking donations, and holding trademarks and domain names.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. TideSDK is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according
   to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. David Pratt is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
   and SPI liaison for TideSDK.  Successors will be appointed by concensus
   of the TideSDK Team as defined on the tidesdk.org web site.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved by
   the SPI Board.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2012 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
