[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, September 24th, 1998

__Attending__:

* Dale Scheetz
* Ian Jackson
* Martin Schulze
* Nils Lohner

__Agenda__:

1. Appointment of new board members.
2. Appointment of officers.
3. Changes to the bylaws.
4. AOB (important, part 1).
5. Discussion of the future of SPI (time permitting).
6. AOB (noncritical, part 2).

__Recorder__: Dale Scheetz

This board meeting was held using Internet Relay Chat. The meeting was
called to order by Ian Jackson within minutes of the scheduled 2100 GMT.

Ian Jackson accepted Nils Lohner's proposal
[1998-09-24.1](/corporate/resolutions/1998/1998-09-24.1/) which
defines the new board members and the offices that they will hold. As a result
of this proposal the board is now composed as follows:

<pre>
Ian Jackson      - President
Martin Schulze   - Vice President
Nils Lohner      - Treasurer
Dale Scheetz     - Secretary
</pre>

Ian suggested that we discuss Nils proposal describing the authority and
responsibility of the Treasurer. During the discussion, which broadened
into a general discussion about modification to the bylaws, several general
points were made, including:

* Resolutions that pass should be made public on the web page.
* Work on the bylaws should be taken one point at a time.

The original proposal
[1998-09-24.2](/corporate/resolutions/1998/1998-09-24.2/) describing
the office of the Treasurer was passed unanimously by the board.

_TODO: Nils will print out copies of both resolution and send them to our
accountant to be forwarded to the appropriate banks._

A fairly rambling discussion on the future of SPI condensed into several firm
ideas:

* SPI is not only Debian. It is an umbrella organization for Debian and other
  Free Software projects that need SPI's services.

* While it may be appropriate for SPI to own some trademarks, patents, or
  even software copyrights, the author can best protect their copyright
  using a license such as the GPL. For this reasons SPI does not encourage
  copyrights in its name, but will hold Intellectual Property, in trust,
  acting as an agent for the Free Software community where such action is
  useful.

* Document SPI's resolve to manage Intellectual Property for the benefit of
  the community.
   _TODO: Ian will write the draft statement._

* Document SPI's resolve to manage the assets of projects under its umbrella
  in a manner consistent with the wishes of the client project.
  _TODO: Ian will write the draft statement._

* Consolidate, clarify, and document SPI's relationship with the "Open
  Source" project and Eric Raymond.

* It was decided that Ean Schuessler would be appointed to a special
  position with SPI. Nils was given the task of writing up the proposal.
  _TODO: Nils will write up the resolution and invitation._

As a final act of the meeting, the board passed proposal
[1998-09-24.iwj.5](/corporate/resolutions/1998/1998-09-24.iwj.5/)
which allows the board to make decisions via e-mail.

Ian Jackson declared the meeting closed at 0100 GMT. Total meeting time:
three hours.

