[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 13th, 2005

__Board members present__

* Benj. Mako Hill (mako) (Vice President)
* David Graham (cdlu) (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Treasurer)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)
* Bdale Garbee (bdale)
* Bruce Perens (BrucePerens)
* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* John Goerzen (CosmicRay) (President)


__Registered guests present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc)
* Matthew Wilcox (willy)
* Vincent Sanders (kyllikki)
* Eric Evans (urandom)
* Roger Leigh (rleigh)
* Stephen Gran (sgran)
* Greg Sabino Mullane (G_SabinoMullane)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* David Pashley (JD)
* Steve McIntyre (Sledge)
* Philip Hands (fil)
* John Lightsey (lightsey)


These are the draft minutes for the December 13th, 2005 SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2005/2005-12-13-log.txt)


## Treasurer's report

Moved by David Graham, seconded by Jimmy Kaplowitz

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Report approved by a vote of 7-0-1


## Debian Common Core Alliance

Ian Murdock of the DCCA asks what remains wrong. Branden Robinson advises him
that DCCA cannot use the Debian Open Use Logo as their name is no longer
Debian.

Benj. Mako Hill suggests that DCCA seek a trademark license from Debian.
Murdock advises that this idea has been dismissed out of hand by DCCA.

The discussion is ultimately referred back to Debian for resolution.


## OFTC update

David Graham advises that David Harris has resigned as chair and by the
constitution of the organisation, Graham is now the chair. He also advises that
after three years of service, Martin Schulze is resigning as SPI's advisor to
OFTC and a replacement board member is sought.

SPI contributing member David Moreno Garza volunteers.

Moved by Jimmy Kaplowitz, seconded by Branden Robinson that David Moreno Garza
be appointed SPI's representative to OFTC contingent on the approval of OFTC's
NOC.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes by a vote of 5-0-1 (1 did not vote).


## Debian website copyright issues

Bdale Garbee notes that the options before us are:

* leave the site as-is
* do a lot of work and get the assignments from all contributors to relicense
  the website
* dump the website and start over, doing the licensing properly the first time

Branden Robinson notes that the latter option is already in progress, through
[wiki.debian.org](http://wiki.debian.org/).

## PostgreSQL


Moved by Jimmy Kaplowitz, seconded by David Graham, resolution
2005-12-13.jrk.1: PostgreSQL as a Member Project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution 2005-12-13.jrk.1 is accepted with a vote of 8-0.

Josh Berkus immediately accepts on behalf of PostgreSQL.

## Nessus/OpenVAS

The resolution for PostgreSQL is modified to apply to OpenVAS and designated
2005-12-13.iwj.1. Moved by Ian Jackson, seconded by David Graham:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution 2005-12-13.iwj.1 is accepted with a vote of 8-0.

Neil McGovern thanks SPI on behalf of OpenVAS.


## DUS

Ian Jackson moves that `The SPI Board notes that MJ Ray has been shit-stirring
about Debian UK and asks him to stop doing so.' The motion is not seconded.

Debian UK is embroiled in controversy over automatically considering UK Debian
developers members. Some members consider this a violation of human rights and
would like to see the trademark license for DUS' use of Debian revoked.

Branden Robinson, speaking in his capacity as the Debian Project Leader,
states:

> My opinion is that: 1) If DUS automatically considers anyone
> a member of their Society by virtue of a UK resident becoming
> a Debian Developer, I request that that practice cease.

The discussion lasts twenty minutes and is deferred.


## Adjournment

The meeting is adjourned to January 17th, 2006 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix: treasurer's report

<pre>
Software in the Public Interest Financial Data
==============================================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting,
recording donations when deposited (not when the check was
written or received by us) and recording expenses when sent
or scheduled for payment (not when incurred). Network for
Good processing fees are no longer listed, both to avoid
confusion and since they are already subtracted out from our
check before we ever receive it.

Profit/Loss November 1 2005 - November 30 2005

   Ordinary Income/Expense
      Income

        Donations
          Debian                                   1,950.92
          Unrestricted                               248.40[1]
        Total Donations                            2,199.32

      Total Income                                 2,199.32[1]

      Expense
        Reimbursement mailing fees (Debian earmark)   (4.00)[2]
        aKademy 2005 travel costs (Debian earmark)(1,623.32)
      Total Expense                               (1,627.32)

   Net Ordinary Income                               572.00[1]

   Net Income                                        572.00[1]

Balance Sheet as of November 30, 2005

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        First IB Checking
          Known Debian Earmark (non-DebConf5)      4,138.43
          Known DebConf5 Earmark                  13,258.30
          Known GNOME Earmark                         20.00
          Known GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
          Known Unrestricted Earmark                 575.54[1]
          Earmark to be Determined                12,258.78
        Total First IB Checking                   30,260.75[1]

        Ameriprise Financial Acct
          Earmark to be Determined                40,393.26
        Total Ameriprise Financial Acct           40,393.26

     Total Current Assets                         70,654.01[1]

   TOTAL ASSETS                                   70,654.01[1]

   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     Equity
        Retained Earnings                         70,082.01
        Net Income                                   572.00
     Total Equity                                 70,654.01

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                     70,654.01

- Jimmy Kaplowitz, SPI Treasurer
treasurer@spi-inc.org

[1] This amount includes $10 from a check which was written in Canadian
dollars. Our bank handles these by crediting us the full face value and then
later adjusting to take into account the exchange rate between USD and CAD.
Therefore this amount will change when the bank deals with this, probably in
the December reporting period, but it will not change by much.

[2] These fees are for the aKademy 2005 travel costs, as incidental mailing
costs associated with a DPL-approved expense of Debian's. Therefore they are
Debian-earmarked. This makes sense to me as Treasurer, to Branden as Deputy
Treasurer, and also to Branden as DPL.
</pre>

