[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 4th, 2005

__Board members present__

* John Goerzen            (CosmicRay)     (President)
* Benj. Mako Hill         (mako)          (Vice-President)
* David Graham            (cdlu)          (Secretary)
* Martin Schulze          (Joey)
* Branden Robinson        (Overfiend)
* Bdale Garbee            (bdale)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz         (Hydroxide)     (Treasurer)


__Board members absent__

* Ian Jackson             (IanJackson)
* Bruce Perens            (BrucePerens)


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the draft minutes for the October 4th 2005 SPI Board meeting, held
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2005/2005-10-04-log.txt)


## President's Update

The president has nothing to report.


## Treasurer's Report

Branden Robinson reports that donations are up.

He further reports that MBS has sent us a bill for $240 that we should pay. It
is agreed that this falls within the treasurer's existing discretionary budget.

He also reports that Frank at MBS is in possession of our First IB website
username and password as part of the relationship.

A vote is held to approve the treasurer's report as delivered by email.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>John Goerzen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The treasurer's reported is adopted by a vote of 7-0.


## Outstanding minutes

No minutes are presented.


## Tax filing/bookkeeping status

No updates are provided.


## Debian Core Consortium (DCC) issues

Don Armstrong reports to the board that DCC is moving slowly.

Branden Robinson advises that DCC will call itself, recursively, DCC Common
Core.

Robinson advises that Don Armstrong is in negotiations with DCC. He says we
take Debian's trademark seriously.

Jimmy Kaplowitz notes that we will need to convince the press to stop
calling DCC the Debian Common Core Alliance for enforceability reasons, and
suggests a joint press release.


## OFTC elections

David Graham advises that SPI member project OFTC is having its annual election
on Saturday the 8th of October and that a volunteer scrutineer who is not an
OFTC staff member is needed from SPI's ranks to run the election via SPI.

OFTC chair David Harris advises that the election cannot be delayed if a
volunteer is not found, but volunteers can be found outside of SPI if needed.

It is agreed that SPI will handle the emailed votes and forward them on to
designated scrutineers.


## Adjournment

The meeting is adjourned until October 18th, 2005 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix: Treasurers report

<pre>
Software in the Public Interest Financial Data
==============================================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting,
recording donations when deposited (not when the check was
written or received by us) and recording expenses when sent
or scheduled for payment (not when incurred). Network for
Good processing fees are no longer listed, both to avoid
confusion and since they are already subtracted out from our
check before we ever receive it.

Profit/Loss August 1 2005 - August 31 2005

   Ordinary Income/Expense
      Income
        Donations
        Total Donations                                0.00[1]

      Total Income                                     0.00

      Expense
        OASIS membership (Debian earmark)         (1,000.00)
        CSC services fee (SPI earmark)              (173.77)
        Bookkeeper retainer fee (SPI earmark)     (1,000.00)
      Total Expense                               (2,173.77)[2]

   Net Ordinary Income                            (2,173.77)

   Net Income                                     (2,173.77)

Balance Sheet as of August 31, 2005

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        First IB Checking
          Known Debian Earmark (non-DebConf5)      1,262.15[1]
          Known DebConf5 Earmark                  13,258.30
          Known GNOME Earmark                         20.00
          Known Unrestricted Earmark                  39.30[1]
          Earmark to be Determined                12,258.78
        Total First IB Checking                   26,838.53

        AmEx Financial Advisors Acct
          Earmark to be Determined                39,882.62
        Total AmEx Financial Advisors Acct        39,882.62[3]

     Total Current Assets                         66,721.15

   TOTAL ASSETS                                   66,721.15

   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     Equity
        Retained Earnings                         68,894.92
        Net Income                                (2,173.77)
     Total Equity                                 66,721.15

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                     66,721.15

- Jimmy Kaplowitz, SPI Treasurer
treasurer@spi-inc.org

[1] These numbers appear artificially low because no deposits were made
(aside from a $10 deposit by me) during the months of July and August,
and some or all donations received in June had not been deposited by the
end of August. Branden has now made deposits for June, July, and August
totaling over $3000, but since these were done in early September they
will show up on the next report instead of this one.

[2] According to our online banking information, $2,813.80 of the DebConf5
reimbursements paid so far was withdrawn from our account in July and $5,927.90
of this was withdrawn in August. All of these reimbursements were distributed
as US checks during DebConf5 (quite an improvement from past years!), and so
are listed in the July report in accordance with the paragraph at the top of
this message.

[3] I'd expect that in July or August we received another quarterly statement
for this account reporting a net increase in value, but since Branden hasn't
provided any information about this, and since we don't have online access set
up for that account, I can't include it in this report. I've been nagging him
about several other SPI-related tasks, but I haven't remembered to nag him
about this.
</pre>

