[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 1st, 2005

__Board members present__

* John Goerzen            (CosmicRay)     (President)
* Benj. Mako Hill         (mako)          (Vice President)
* David Graham            (cdlu)          (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz         (Hydroxide)     (Treasurer)
* Branden Robinson        (BrandenRobinson)
* Ian Jackson             (IanJackson)
* Bruce Perens            (BrucePerens)
* Bdale Garbee            (bdale)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Schulze          (Joey)

__Registered guests present__

* Michael Banck           (azeem)
* Antti-Juhani Kaijanaho  (ibid)
* Michael Schultheiss     (schultmc)
* Bill Allombert          (yp17)
* MJ Ray                  (slef)


__Agenda__

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's update (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes (David Graham)
   * January 4th, 2005
   * February 1st, 2005
6. Items up for discussion:
   * Tax filing (John Goerzen)
   * Implementing the BBB Wise Giving Alliance Standards for Charity
     Accountability http://www.give.org/standards/ (MJ Ray)
7. Next meeting: April 5th, 2005 (John Goerzen)


__Recorder:__David Graham (Secretary)


These are the draft minutes for the March 1st, 2005 Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## President's update (John Goerzen)

The president's update reads as follows:

Based on feedback received recently, notices for meetings will be handled
slightly differently. Notices will now be posted as news items on the
website and mailed to spi-announce, spi-general, and possibly
debian-devel-announce. I encourage representatives from all SPI's member
projects to forward these announcements to your project as appropriate.
Additionally, I have added a new Meetings page to the website which
provides basic information on when and where SPI meetings are normally
held.


## Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)

The treasurer's report was not available at meeting time.


## Outstanding minutes (David Graham)

* January 4th, 2005
* February 1st, 2005

On approving both sets of minutes:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>John Goerzen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Did not vote</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>Did not vote</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The minutes for 2005-01-04 and 2005-02-01 were approved by a vote of:

Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Did not vote: 2

## Items up for discussion

### Tax filing (John Goerzen)

The deadline to file our taxes is May 15. Branden will pursue accountant
Judy Dunlap and others for quotes for assistance with the questions:

1. Can they handle our taxes for 2004?
2. Can they handle our taxes for previous years?
3. Can they serve as our paid bookkeeper henceforth?


### Implementing the BBB Wise Giving Alliance Standards for Charity Accountability http://www.give.org/standards/ (MJ Ray)

MJ Ray proposed that SPI examine the Better Business Bureau Wise Giving
Alliance Standards for Charity Accountability

__Discussion:__

John Goerzen suggested that there are two questions:

1. Do we aim to follow the BBBWGASCA guidelines?
2. Do we join the Better Business Bureau?

Bruce Perens suggested that the Better Business Bureau primarily exists as
a lightening rod for complaints and is not beneficial to us.

Ian Jackson volunteered to review the guidelines for which are applicable
to SPI.


## Next meeting: April 5th, 2005 (John Goerzen)

Jimmy Kaplowitz moves, seconded by Branden Robinson "that we make our
meetings the third Tuesday of every month at 1900 UTC"

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>John Goerzen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bruce Perens</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill</td><td>Did not vote</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Did not vote</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The monthly meeting time of the third Tuesday of every month at 19:00 UTC
was adopted with a vote of:

Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, did not vote: 2

## The meeting was adjourned at 19:31 UTC until March 15th at 19:00 UTC.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>John Goerzen</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Benjamin Mako Hill</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Bruce Perens</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>


## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

## Appendix C: Treasurers' Report

## Appendix D: Meeting log

