[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Platform for Robert Brockway

I've been a Linux user and OSS advocate since 1994 and a contributing
member of SPI since 2004.  Professionally I am a Linux system
administrator and have dedicated myself to the OSS cause personally and
professionally.

Over the last 13 years I have endeavoured to educate IT and non-IT people
alike about open source, open standards and why they are important.  With
our society so dependent on computers and the information held within
them, OSS and open standards become a necessary tool in the defence of
democracy and freedom.  I have given a number of public talks over the
years on Linux and open source and always try to incorporate aspects of
the philosophy of open source in to these events.

In 1995 I founded the Home Unix Machine - Brisbane User Group
(http://www.humbug.org.au) in Brisbane, Australia to support the use of
(predominantly OSS) Unix in the home.  I served on the executive of HUMBUG
for the first 4.5 years and have remained involved with the club for its
entire life.  I've also run an OSS consultancy that contributes 2% of
gross profits in support of OSS.  In the last 13 years I have donated
thousands of hours of my time in support of OSS, answering technical
questions on mailing lists and on irc and I have also assisted many times
in projects such as Software Freedom Day.

I now reside in Toronto, Canada and am involved with the Greater Toronto,
Area Linux User Group (http://www.gtalug.org), being the Talks
Coordinator.

I would like to join the board to assist SPI in becoming more central in
the OSS world.  It is my belief that a higher profile for SPI can only be
beneficial to OSS.

I previously proposed to the board the idea that SPI could become a UN
Non-governmental Organisation (NGO) as this would allow us to advocate on
behalf of OSS to people who really can make a difference.  This did not
proceed, no doubt due to the work load on the board members at the time.
If elected to the board I promise to proceed with this process as a top
priority.

I can be found on the OFTC irc network as Solver.

