# Joshua D. Drake Platform

<pre>
Name: Joshua D. Drake
Nick: linuxpoet

Background:

LDP:
Author or Co-Author of several HOWTOs
Active maintainer of Linux Consultants Guide

PostgreSQL:
Active PostgreSQL Contributor
PostgreSQL SPI Liaison
President of Command Prompt, Inc., a long time PostgreSQL contributor

LedgerSMB:
Core Member

SPI:
Contributing SPI Member since 2006
PostgreSQL SPI Liaision

General Bits:

Since 1997 I have been a contributor to the FOSS world. My primary focus
(for obvious reasons if you look at my company website
www.commandprompt.com) has been PostgreSQL. Further my membership with
LedgerSMB and SPI were brought about because of my relationship with the
PostgreSQL community.

Professional bits:

President and Co-Founder Command Prompt, Inc.
Co-authored Oreilly's Practical PostgreSQL

Have been published hundreds of times in various periodicals including
Linux Journal,

Web Techniques, Linux World and others that no longer exist due to Dot Bomb.

Why SPI Board?

I would like to see SPI be more than a glorified PayPal. SPI has the
potential to be an active and influencing source within the FOSS
community. I would actively promote SPI as a way for FOSS projects to
become a part of a larger community that is focused on the general well
being of not only the project that has joined, but also that projects
community.

With the politicing aside, the specific items I would try to achieve are:

* An agressive increase in the number and quality of associate projects

* A more physical presence of SPI and the associative projects at well
known events such as OSCON, LinuxWorld, and USENIX.

* Working in FOSS hubs (such as S.F., Seattle and Portland) to foster
workshops, talks and training opportunities not only for new FOSS
community members, but also businesses that can help in the market drive
of FOSS.

* Work with SPI members to sponsor individuals to give talks related to
FOSS at every possible legitimate opportunity.

* Work to have all associative projects work together to provide a more
influential presence to communities, governments and businesses.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
