[[!meta title="Platform for Christel Dahlskjaer"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Platform for Christel Dahlskjaer


Name: Christel Dahlskjaer<br />
Nick: christel (duh!)

Background (with various degrees of relevance): While I am involved
with several FOSS projects (OFTC, freenode, Irssi, Gentoo, ReactOS,
FOSSCON, GNU etc) my main passions and expertise lie in creating
strong and vibrant communities.

I'm the Managing Director for a small and exciting company whose main
focus is on bespoke security solutions, however, I have a background
in mental health nursing and a great interest in human interaction.

I currently serve as the president for the Peer-Directed Project
Center (PDPC), a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organisation. I am also the
Head of Staff for PDPC's IRC network; freenode. I have in the past
held various roles within charities, NFP's and other organisations.

I live in the UK, though I hail from the land of snow and .. more
snow; Norway.

I've been an observing member of SPI since I initially came onboard as
an advisor to the OFTC NOC in October 2006.

Why you should vote for me?

Because I will endeavour to help SPI and it's member-projects create
communities in an environment which foster collaboration and free
exchange of ideas and I will work hard to ensure that SPI does what it
can towards promoting cross-project collaboration.

I strongly believe in transparency and involvement, and will do my
part to ensure that we always check in to get the input of the wider
community before acting on any relevant issue.

While I would tell you to vote for me because I'm the only woman
running for elections, I suggest you vote for me because I'm damn nice
and because I genuinely care about the FOSS community!

