[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, April 8th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Larry Rosenman (ler)

These are the minutes for the April 8th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-04-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
During the last month, Martin Michlmayr resigned from the board. We
thank him greatly for his service and wish him well in his future
activities. He continues to work with us as a contractor. We also
started working with Larry Rosenman (ler) as an IT contractor.

Last, I'm working with Debian to figure out AWS and Azure accounts for
cloud image publication, and with Jenkins and Linux Foundation and our
legal counsel to facilitate asset transfers to their new Continuous
Delivery Foundation in a way that meets our legal needs.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
SPI released its 2018 Annual Report and monthly treasurer's reports
for January - March, 2019. Many thanks to Martin Michlmayr for
completing the reports and working on streamlining the treasury
toolset.

We have received a quote from a CPA for auditing SPI's 2018 financials
and filing our 2018 federal and New York State tax forms. The quote is
slightly higher than the original estimate but still within reason - I
can sign the engagement letter this week.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Voting has concluded on the bylaws vote but I'm frustratingly unable
to see the result.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 11th February 2019

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain and 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2019-04-05.jrk.1: Renee Phillips as interim director

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

## Any other business

### Engagement of IT contractor

SPI has engaged the services of Larry Rosenman (ler) for migrating
SPI's IT infrastructure from its current host to various cloud
providers.

### Resolution 2018-20-11.mm.1: Arch Linux 32 as associated project

Vote was delayed again until the next meeting in order to add sunset
provision.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, May 13th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>April 2019</td><td>Renee Phillips</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2019-04-05.jrk.1: Renee Phillips as interim director

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. A vacancy on the SPI board of directors exists due to the resignation
of Martin Michlmayr.

2. Renee Phillips has sufficient time, interest, motivation, and experience
to usefully assist SPI over the remainder of the current board term.

3. Renee is available to attend most or all of the remaining board
meetings in the current term; and

4. Renee has confirmed that she is willing to accept this appointment;

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Renee Phillips is hereby appointed as an interim member of the SPI
board of directors, beginning at the conclusion of the April 2019 board
meeting and continuing until the conclusion of the July 2019 SPI board
elections.
</pre>

### Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Torch became an Associated Project of SPI in 2016.

2. Torch is no longer in active development and has been obsoleted by
PyTorch.

3. PyTorch is not an Associated Project of SPI.

4. SPI holds no substantial funds and no other assets on behalf of Torch.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Torch will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Torch.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
donations, held by SPI on behalf of Torch, will henceforth be moved to
SPI's general fund.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Torch may have. We
are not aware of any such undischarged obligations. We ask anyone who
is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

