[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 9th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Larry Rosenman (ler)

These are the minutes for the September 9th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-09-09-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
I've been working on getting our Directors and Officers insurance
renewed and should have that done early this week. I've also been
working with zobel on transferring treasury tasks over to him as well
as helping with the backlog in treasury tasks.

I'm also working on some outstanding paperwork for OpenSAF and getting
Snow-Man more involved with our contractors, particularly our it
contractor ler.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
* Transition from Michael to me ongoing, moving 2FA tokens from
  Michael's cell phone number to G-Suite account treasurer@ attached
  phone number

* Working on backlog of treasurer-ap (account payable) RT queue, down
  to 26 open tickets (as of Saturday)

* Going through treasurer-ar (account receivable), looking for old
  pending items

* Need to provide more monthly QFX and CSV data to tbm
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Two items - F2F planning underway but we need to nail down a
date. Current proposed is 22nd and 23rd of November.  Also collecting
signed conflict of interest forms. Please fill these out, gpg sign,
and send them to me.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 12th August 2019

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Face-to-face meeting date and location

Information and preferences for dates are still being collected. It's
very likely to be hosted at the offices of Hudson River Trading in NYC
on the 22nd and 23rd of November.

## Any other business

Minor discussion ensued on selecting a shared password management
system.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday October 14th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
