[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 9th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the December 9th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-12-09-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
We had a successful treasury team sprint November 20-21, 2019 in NYC
followed by a productive board meeting November 22-23, 2019, also in
NYC. The treasury team was able to process the vast majority of the
outgoing payment backlog and the board is planning weekly meetings to
help stay on top of ticket backlog (both treasury and general board
tickets).

The board received the final audit report for 2018 from our accounting
firm and posted it on the treasurer section of the website. Our 990
(Federal return) and CHAR500 (New York State return) were also filed by
the deadline. We have reached out to the accounting firm to discuss the
feasibility of starting the 2019 audit earlier in the year.

The treasury team is working on opening accounts that will provide a
better rate of return than the practically 0% return we are currently
receiving. I met with a banker at Key Bank today and opened a new money
market account that has 100x the interest we previously were receiving
for the next six months. We are also working with Merrill Lynch to open
accounts with their wealth management service (money market and
certificates of deposit accounts).

The SPI board is extremely thankful for the work Martin Michlmayr has
done working with the auditor and streamlining our bookkeeping. SPI has
renewed his contract through the end of 2020.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
We had a successful treasury team sprint during the face-to-face meeting
in New York. We are down to 2 outstanding approved reimbursements.

During the face-to-face meeting we had a conference call with
Martin Michlmayr, where board decided to extend the contract with Martin
for one more year.

Martin explained what needs to happen to move to accrual accounting for
2020 as well as his plans to move to the software beancount, which will
give us better reporting.

We started opening a new bank account with Merrill Lynch for a Money
Market account and certificates of deposits to get better interest
rates.

I am very thankful about the work that tbm is doing, esp. when I was
out-of-business the last two weeks.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
We had a successful face-to-face meeting in New York City in
November preceded by a bookkeeping sprint. Thank you to everyone who
attended. The minutes for this meeting are still in progress and
should be completed before the next meeting.

A note about Resolution 2019-11-22.tp.1 to rescind Board Advisors has
been posted to the spi-general list to solicit feedback from the
membership.
</pre>

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 11th November 2019

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion did not pass with vote of 3 yes, 0 no, 3 abstain. The vote was
rescheduled until the next meeting to allow board members to review
the minutes.

### Resolution 2019-11-22.tp.1: Rescind board advisors

No vote was taken to allow further discussion to take place on the
spi-general mailing list.

## Any other business

Some minor discussions of work-in-progress were had.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 10th, 2020 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
