[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 14th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Larry Rosenman (ler)

These are the minutes for the October 14th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-10-14-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
I have delegated contractor management to Stephen Frost. He had a
conference call with our IT contractor recently to get up to speed on
the IT infrastructure upgrade/migration project.

I've worked with tbm and OpenSAF on their trademark and asset transfer paperwork.

I've submitted our Director's and Officer's insurance renewal
paperwork to our insurance broker. I resent the paperwork this morning
since I hadn't heard back from the broker in a few days.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Martin-Zobel Helas is on vacation but the treasury team is continuing
to work through the treasury queue in RT. Martin Michlmayr has been
pinging Michael Schultheiss on urgent requests but for most requests,
they are being processed FIFO.

## Secretary's report

<pre>
It hasn't been mentioned officially but we are confirmed for 22nd and
23rd at HRT for the face-to-face meeting. As we're starting to get
closer to the date I will ramp up getting things organised.

Am working on getting the Apple Developer agreement signed but having
trouble connecting people together to get that going.

There are two conflict of interest forms outstanding.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 9th September 2019

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Notification of non-material error in election of director Tim Potter

Martin Michlmayr discovered an error in the recording of the election
date for Tim Potter which has been propagated throughout the
minutes. Potter's election should occur in July 2020, not July 2019.
Since there were no other candidates we can declare this election void
and luckily no harm done.

Minutes have been updated with the correct election date. Thanks to
Martin for finding this!

### Missing conflict of interest notifications (zobel, schultmc, tpot)

Tim Potter was chasing up the remaining conflict of interest
notifications from parties who had not completed them.

## Any other business

Miscellaneous other minor topics.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 11th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
