[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Face-to-face meeting in New York, November 22-23, 2019

The SPI board met in New York in November 2019 to discuss a number of
topics.  The meeting was held at the offices of Hudson River Trading.
The board again wishes to thank Hudson River Trading for their generosity.

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* None

## Friday, November 22nd 2019

### Opening

* Michael Schultheiss - welcome.

* Overview of treasurer sprint:
  * Treasurer RT queue nearly emptied.
  * Many payments made and some double and missing payments rectified.
  * Various contract and invoicing issues addressed.
  * Credit applications for Debian to various vendors also addressed.
  
### Summary of audit result

* Michael Schultheiss gave a summary of the first financial audit of
  SPI by an independent auditor. The audit was a success with no
  material financial or organizational issues found.

* Auditor gave several recommendations:
  * SPI should increase the segregation of duties amongst the directors.
  * SPI should convert to accrual-based accounting from a cash-based system.
  * SPI should implement a gift policy.
  * SPI should implement a whistleblower policy.
  * A sponsorship policy should also be considered.

* Decisions/Action Items

    * We need to engage with auditor earlier in the year to facilitate
      earlier filing of tax forms, including:
      * Federal Form 990 (always).
      * NY State CHAR 500 (Switch registration to Dual (EPTL and 7-A) when
        necessary as determined by the auditor).
    * Talk to Martin Michlmayr to convert to accrual-based accounting for 2020, commencing immediately.
    * Draft the recommended policies.
    * Resolved to use the firm for last year's audit for subsequent audits.
    * Discuss the creation of a sponsorship policy.
    * Deliver audit data to accountant Gary by end of January/early
      February with goal of having audit completed by July AGM.

### Discussion of the renewal of Martin Michlmayr's contract

* Tim Potter brought up the renewal of Martin Michlmayr's part-time
  contract of working of working for SPI.
  * Martin has been doing a fantastic and much-needed job and there have
    been no issues or complaints.

* Decision/Action Items
  * Michael Schultheiss to renew Martin's contract for another year.
  * Suggest to Martin that unsolicited proposals for future work come
  with a time and scope estimate which can be voted on by the Board.
  
### SPI Mandate

* Luca led an interesting discussion about the mandate of 
  SPI. What is the difference between SPI vs Software Freedom
  Conservancy? Should there be two organizations in this space?

* Conclusion: SPI and Software Freedom Conservancy have
  different model of interacting with projects with Conservancy more
  day-to-day hands-on with projects.

* Decision: the opinion was that there is enough difference between
  SPI and Conservancy to keep SPI as a going concern.

### Discussion about SPI's legal affairs

* Michael Schultheiss to look into finding another lawyer for paid
  work to help with our increasing legal load.

### Directors' and Officers' Insurance

* Luca Filipozzi brought up the topic of Directors' and Officers'
  insurance for SPI. Our previous insurance provider exited the
  non-profit insurance section of the market and declined to insure
  SPI for 2019/2020.

* Insurance is now in place back dated to the August 18 2019 through to
  August 2020.

### General Liability Insurance

* Stephen Frost asked about general liability insurance for SPI.

* Discussion
  * Should we obtain general liability insurance?
  * If so, for which jurisdictions?

* Decisions/Action Items
  * Stephen Frost to pose this question to a lawyer.

### Policies and Documentation

* As recommended by the auditor SPI should put some more policies
  and documentation in place. In particular we are missing:
  * Expense policy - that is what we can spend money on to comply with New York law for non-profits.
  * Whistleblower policy - where does a whistleblower complain to?
  * Gift policy - value and nature of gifts to and from SPI, again to comply with New York law for non-profits.
  * Code of Conduct for projects.
  * Possible update to bylaws for code of conduct requirement for member projects?

* Decision/Action Items
  * Tim Potter to survey members of code of conduct.
  * Someone to obtain advice from accountant about whistleblower and gift policy.

### New bylaws

* Last year the new bylaws unfortunately failed to pass by a small
  margin. We would like to try again as the new bylaws address a
  number of issues with the existing ones which are very old at this
  point.

* Discussion

  * Much easier to make bylaw modifications with new bylaws, so focus on
    passing new bylaws in preference to making more modifications.
  * Advertise/market the need for bylaws in order to encourage more voting.

* Decision/Action Items
  * Tim Potter to fix typos and minor changes and resubmit for a vote in 2020.

### Another contractor for general work

* Luca Filipozzi brought up the idea of developing a new contractor.

* Discussion
  * It is considered a good idea to engage another person to avoid
    relying solely on Martin Michlmayr.
  * Michlmayr already developing SPI Handbook.

* Decision/Action Items
  * Find second person to be a contractor.
  * Michlmayr would train him or her up.

### Tooling

* Luca Filipozzi started discussing tooling for processing/analyzing
  donations.

* Discussion
  * Should be move from Beancount to Ledger?
  * Do we then need to rewrite our accounting scripts? No, as we have
    moved to processing CSV downloads for donation info instead of using
    the PayPal API.
  
* Decision/Action Items
  * Find or develop possible list of pros/cons for Beancount vs Ledger.

### Chef Sponsorship

* Tim Potter brought up the topic of Chef sponsorship.

* Discussion
 * We are using a gratis commercial license for Chef.
 * Chef are asking for recognition on the web site.
 * Contents of Chef repository not dependent on commercial Chef components -
   can migrate to Debian or open source binary Chef if required.

* Decisions/Action Items
 * No objection to putting Chef sponsorship notice/logo on web site if
   we are actually using Chef.
 * Stephen Frost to reassure the infrastructure contractor on our
   commitment to Chef and to forward any non-technical Chef issues to
   board@spi-inc.org

## Status of infrastructure contract

* Steven Frost wanted to talk about our current infrastructure contract.

* Discussion
    * Slow progress towards Chef-based infrastructure.

* Decisions/Action Items
  * Recommend to contractor to avoid working outside of SPI board.
  * Stephen Frost to review actions and time lines with contractor,
    noting urgency to upgrade the infrastructure.
  * Stephen Frost to review interaction model between community, board
    and contractor(s); community critiques should be addressed to the
    board not to our contractor(s).
  * Hector Orón Martínez to look for offers from other potential contractors RT#3604.

### New Reimbursement Form

* Luca Filipozzi wanted to show off his new reimbursement form. He
  demonstrated a React.js-based reimbursement form with nifty business
  logic for generating PDF reimbursement bank details. The tool is
  publicly available on a GitHub repo with pull request and issue
  queue enabled.

* Discussion
  * Looks good!

* Decisions/Action Items
  * The Board resolved to adopt new form.
  * Someone to decide on some defaults for first couple of lines of
    currency dropdown.

### Miscellaneous Reimbursement Discussion

* Stephen Frost directed a discussion about reimbursement issues.

* Discussion
  * Want to avoid mailing cheques to other countries as much as possible
    due to high time and monetary cost.
  * There are numerous alternatives to wire transfer (e.g paypal,
    Interac e-Transfers) which we can consider.

* Decision/Action Items
  * We will no longer allow reimbursement via international cheques.
  * Tim Potter to file issue in spi-reimbursement-request repo, adding FAQ entry.

### DNS hosting

* Tim Potter brought up the topic of hosting DNS

* Discussion
  * We want to treat DNS as an asset management problem vs
    infrastructure management problem.
  * Keep SPI focus on fiscal responsibilities in preference to
    technical stuff.
  * SPI as a legal entity can own the domain names but completely
    delegate modifications/updates to project members.
  * We do not want to run our own DNS servers.
  * Mythic Beasts vs Gandi vs ???

* Decisions/Action Items
  * Use registrar with permissions-based system to delegate.
  * Continue to use existing Gandi registrar.
  * In the future charge back DNS costs to project.
  * Free year of domain registration for projects to move over to Gandi.

### Email hosting

* Luca Filipozzi brought up the topic of hosting email

* Discussion
  * Like DNS but no actual assets to own.
  * We want to have nothing to do with running or hosting email.
  * Existing things we wish to divest:
    * emdebian.org (dead)
    * fresco.org (dead)
    * privoxy.org
    * themanaworld.com
  * Dependency on email send/receive for RT.
  * What to do with email lists?
    * Google Groups?
    * riseup.net also does mailman hosting.

* Decisions/Action Items
  * As a matter of policy we don't want be involved in email at all.
  * Create inventory of current assets/responsibilities/existing with respect to email.
  * When moving to Gandi drop email support.
  * Investigate moving spi-inc.org email to hosting provider.
    * Does G-Suite for non-profits read email or do monetization, check terms of service.
    * Investigate protonmail.
  * Find a hosting provider for email lists.

### Website hosting

* Tim Potter hosted the discussion on website hosting.

* Discussion
  * We have project-specific and internal requirements for website hosting.
  * Noodles wants to stop hosting members.spi-inc.org.

* Decisions/Action Items
    * No definite decision made as we are dependent on infrastructure situation plays out.

### Git hosting

* In a similar vein to website hosting Tim Potter talked about git hosting.

* Discussion
  * Continue hosting our own git repositories via gitolite.
  * Never host project git repositories.

* Decisions/Action Items
  * No change from current setup and toolset.

### Real-time collaboration tools

* Luca Filipozzi mentioned realtime collaboration tools.

* Discussion
  * Reaffirm existing decision not to proceed.
  * G-Suite chat available?

* Decisions/Action Items
  * Luca updated RT ticket.

### RT "board" queue bug squashing party

* A bug squashing party commenced where much needed work was performed.

* Summary:
  * Closed out ancient tickets which were vague or out of date.
  * Delete RT queue named "General".
  * Triaged and assigned owners to existing tickets in board RT queue.
  * Added new tickets for associated project requests.
  * Created rescinding board advisor resolution for December meeting agenda.

## Saturday, November 23rd 2019

### Conference call with Martin Michlmayr

A discussion with contractor Martin Michlmayr was had where we talked
about details concerning various tasks for SPI that he is involved
with.

### Miscellaneous

Miscellaneous issues and goals that came up during various discussions

* Need to schedule next Fall face-to-face meeting in September/October 2020.
* Would like to have fully audited statements for July AGM.
* Implement fiscal controls needed/recommended by auditor.
  * e.g a board member with read-only access to accounts checks 
    balances against reports at end of month.
  * Determine whether it's possible to have read-only access to bank accounts.

### Onboarding/offboarding of projects

  * Discussion
    * We have some documentation of onboarding projects but, none for offboarding.
    * Martin Michlmayr is working on a handbook for SPI.

### Improving rate of return on cash balance

Michael Schultheiss thought that it was time to consider improving the
rate of return on SPI's cash balance.

* Discussion
  * Merrill Lynch/Bank of America have an endowment management account which pays >0%.
  * Some cost and feature benefits of BoA account.
  * Proposal to use CDs to earn ~1% annualised and staggered over 3 months.

* Decisions/Action Items
  * Approval was given for investment in safe, liquid assets (e.g CDs), by vote of hands.

### Vote on Minutes for Monday October 14th

<table>
<tbody>
 <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 3 abstain.

### Weekly ticket review meeting

Tim Potter brought up the idea, originally suggested by Hector Orón
Martínez, to have an IRC meeting to review RT tickets in progress.

* Discussion
  * Idea is for everyone to keep up-to-date with RT tickets that are being worked on.
  
* Decisions/Action Items
    * Thursday 1500 EST / 2000 UTC / 2100 CET / 0700 AEDT (Friday).
    * IRC semi-async on #spi-private IRC.
    * Martin Zobel-Helas to create #spi-private channel locked, allow board+tbm only.

### SPI membership app

SPI's membership app is getting a little creaky and still running
on Noodle's system despite his pleas to move it.

* Discussion
    * Becoming more urgent to move off Noodles' system to maintain goodwill.
    * Currently contractor situation needs to be resolved first.
    * Create a 2xlarge VM and move over if required quickly?
    
* Decision/Action Items
    * Blocked by IT contractor situation so lets wait and see.

### Next face-to-face meeting

When should the next face-to-face meeting be held?

* Discussion
     * Still to be determined.
     * Agenda would be focused on a treasurer/audit/2019 books focused sprint and infrastructure.
     * Should we invite any contractors?

### Close
