[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 8th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Dmtri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Renee Phillips (Renee)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Niklas Laxström (Nikerabbit)

These are the minutes for the July 8th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-07-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
On the monthly scale, this month has been pretty calm with regard to
president activities. Looking back at the whole year, we've done a
lot: 2-3 paid contracts helping us move a lot faster, an audit, many
new projects, some departing ones.

(The audit is a CPA financial audit initiated by us. No regulatory or
other government agency is giving us problems.)

And yes, some director and officer turnover. I should thank tbm once
again for serving as president before me, and should note here that I
am stepping down from the board at the end of this month (and as
president in August) due to the rest of my life getting busy.

Thanks and best wishes.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Tremendous thanks to Martin Michlmayr (tbm) for his work on SPI's
treasury processes and his work with our CPA's firm on preparing for
our financial audit. The audit materials were turned over to the
auditor late last month.

Also thank you to tbm for preparing our monthly reports and getting us
caught up on reporting.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
We are in the nomination period for 3x board positions which are
expiring this month. We have received a few nominations already.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 10th June 2019

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Translatewiki as an associated project

The translatewiki project wishes to become an associated SPI project.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

There was no other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 12th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>April 2019</td><td>Renee Phillips</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
