[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 11th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Hans Tovetjärn (totte)

These are the minutes for the February 11th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-02-11-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre></pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
I am continuing to work with zobel on streamlining our reporting and
hope to have the remaining outstanding reports released soon. We plan
on having the reports released in the next 4 weeks, if not sooner.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Things are in motion for the by-laws vote. Working on the wording of
the vote information to input to the system and hopefully Snow-Man
helping out to generate the first round of member notification
emails. Vote proposed to run from sometime this week to March 15th
(approximately).
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 11th February 2019

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 3 abstain and 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2018-20-11.mm.1: Arch Linux 32 as associated project

Vote was delayed until the next meeting in order to add sunset
provision.

## Any other business

### F2F logistics

Travel updates from various board members for the upcoming F2F in New
York were given.

### 2018 Annual Report

Martin Michlmayr gave an update on the production of the 2018 annual
report:

<pre>
The 2018 annual report is in a pretty good shape. I've been collecting
updates from projects (thanks!). We need the President's welcome and
the Treasury report but otherwise it's ready for publication. I hope
we can publish it rigth after the treasurer sprint.
<pre>

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, April 8th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
