[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 8th, 2019

__Board members present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Renee Phillips (Renee)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Niklas Laxström (Nikerabbit)

These are the minutes for the July 8th, 2019 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2019/2019-07-08-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
On the monthly scale, this month has been pretty calm with regard to
president activities. Looking back at the whole year, we've done a
lot: 2-3 paid contracts helping us move a lot faster, an audit, many
new projects, some departing ones.

(The audit is a CPA financial audit initiated by us. No regulatory or
other government agency is giving us problems.)

And yes, some director and officer turnover. I should thank tbm once
again for serving as president before me, and should note here that I
am stepping down from the board at the end of this month (and as
president in August) due to the rest of my life getting busy.

Thanks and best wishes.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Tremendous thanks to Martin Michlmayr (tbm) for his work on SPI's
treasury processes and his work with our CPA's firm on preparing for
our financial audit. The audit materials were turned over to the
auditor late last month.

Also thank you to tbm for preparing our monthly reports and getting us
caught up on reporting.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
We are in the nomination period for 3x board positions which are
expiring this month. We have received a few nominations already.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Minutes for Monday, 10th June 2019

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Translatewiki as an associated project

The translatewiki project wishes to become an associated SPI project.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

## Any other business

There was no other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 12th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>April 2019</td><td>Renee Phillips</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Resolution 2019-07-08.lf.1: Translatewiki as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

translatewiki.net is a substantial and significant Free Software
project. Established in 2005, translatewiki.net is a is a translation
community and a localisation platform for free and open source
projects. It started out with localisation for MediaWiki. It now
serves the localisation of tens of additional FOSS projects like
Blockly, iNaturalist, MantisBT, and OpenStreetMap. The
translatewiki.net community consists of thousands of volunteer
translators, proficient in over 200 languages translating and updating
tens of thousands of strings every month. The platform is based on
MediaWiki.

The translatewiki.net developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

translatewiki.net is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

Niklas Laxström is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for translatewiki.net. Successors will be
appointed by the outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison
is unavailable or refuses to appoint a successor, by majority vote of
the translatewiki.net Core Team.

If the last known SPI liaison for translatewiki.net is missing in
action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years
the associated project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as
feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a
reasonable time will become part of the SPI general fund.

This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a
majority vote of the translatewiki.net Core Team.
</pre>
