# Position statement for Bdale Garbee

## Who I Am

My name is Bdale Garbee, and I ask you to re-elect me to the board of
directors of Software in the Public Interest for another term.

My first personal contribution to what we now call Free Software was in
1979.  I joined the Debian project in late 1994, and have contributed
in many ways over the years:  maintaining packages, architecting and
implementing some of the early debian.org infrastructure, instigating or
aiding ports of Debian to 5 processor architectures, serving as Debian
Project Leader, to my continuing role as chairman of the Debian Technical
Committee.

I have observed SPI nearly since its founding, became an official advisor to
the board on behalf of Debian during my term as DPL, and have remained active
as an advisor to or member of the SPI board ever since.  I was elected by the
board to serve as SPI President four years ago, have been re-elected to
that position each year since, and if re-elected to the board this year,
I have expressed my willingness to continue serving as President if the
board so chooses.

I think of myself as both a technologist and a community builder.  I take
some pleasure in the fact that others have told me that the many public
presentations I've made about Debian and SPI, the community development
process, and various technical aspects of software development over the
years have helped influenced them to contribute in their own diverse ways.

I serve as a member of the board of directors of the Linux Foundation
representing individual members, am Secretary of the Consumer
Electronics Linux Forum (CELF) board of directors, am on the board of
directors of Open Media Now, and provide advice to and have an extensive
network of contacts in various other open source communities.

I am employed as Open Source & Linux Chief Technologist at HP.


## Thoughts on Where We've Been

Since my last re-election to the board, SPI has operated well,
consistently meeting or exceeding the service expectations of our
associated projects even as the number of associated projects continued
to grow.

These accomplishments are of course not my own, but I hope and believe that
my focus on the fundamentals and effort to maintain a productive environment
for action by everyone involved in SPI as a board member and as President
helped these things happen.

One thing I will take personal credit for was arranging earlier this
year for SPI associated projects to be able to purchase server hardware
from HP at a deep discount.


## What Comes Next

The board needs to always remain focused on our ability to deliver basic
services to our associated projects.  Financial transaction processing
and other basic processes aren't glamorous, but we must get them right!

Issues remain with our bylaws that I find annoying, which I continue to
think deserve to be addressed at some point.

I would like to have the opportunity to continue working on your behalf
as we continue to improve SPI's processes in service of our growing list of
associated projects.

Thank you for your time, your attention, and your vote!
