[[!meta title="Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [August 13, 2018](/meetings/minutes/2018/2018-08-13/).

WHEREAS

1. MadWifi became an Associated Project of SPI in 2008.

2. The goal of the MadWifi project was to coordinate development of
the Atheros drivers for Linux.

3. The MadWifi driver has been obsoleted by ath5k and ath9k, which are
both part of the Linux kernel now.  Development of these drivers is
taken care of by the Linux kernel programmers.

4. The MadWifi project is no longer active.

5. Donations to the MadWifi project were made to improve Atheros and
wireless support for Linux.

5. The MadWifi project has voted to transfer its assets held by SPI
to the OpenWrt project.  OpenWrt performs significant work on
improving wireless support for Linux.

6. While the MadWifi project is no longer active, they would like to
preserve the domain name and web site for historical purposes.

7. The OpenWrt project has agreed to take on stewardship of the assets
previously intended for MadWifi.  The OpenWrt project has confirmed
that it intends to preserve the MadWifi domain name(s) and
website(s) as long as they are deemed relevant.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. MadWifi will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of MadWifi.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money, domain names, and
any future donations, held by SPI on behalf of MadWifi, will
henceforth be held on behalf of OpenWrt.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations MadWifi may have.
We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask
anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this
resolution.

