[[!meta title="Resolution 2018-10-05.mcs.1: Ameriprise banking resolution"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2018-10-05.mcs.1: Ameriprise banking resolution

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [October 6, 2018](/meetings/minutes/2018/2018-10-05-f2f-new-york/).

WHEREAS

1. Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (The corporation) has an 
account with Ameriprise.

2. The corporation desires to update its signatories with Ameriprise.

3. The corporation or entity is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of New York, and has adopted 
the following resolutions as of the date set forth below:

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Each authorized signer shall have the authority to sign and transact
on behalf of the entity, and to bind and obligate the entity, to the
same extent as an account owner would, consistent with the relevant
product and account opening documentation and restrictions.

2. When authorized signers(s) are removed from an Ameriprise ONE(R)
Financial Account, the existing authorized signer(s) is responsible
for risk associated with existing active cash management features,
such as undestroyed checks and bill pay arrangements. Debit cards
issued in the name of authorized signer(s) being removed will be
closed. The existing authorized signer(s) may request to close this
checking account and open a new account to avoid these risks.

3. When all authorized signers cannot act independently the account is
not eligible for Ameriprise ONE(R) Financial Account features. If
this request will no longer allow the authorized signers to act
independently, the account will be converted to an Ameriprise
Brokerage account, all existing cash management features (checking,
debit card and bill pay) will be closed.

4. Ameriprise Financial shall be entitled to rely upon instructions
received form each authorized signer to the same extent as if those
instructions were provided by the entity.

5. Despite this authorization, Ameriprise Financial will continue to
deliver all confirmations, notices, and demands upon the entity to
the address of record on the entity's account.

6. The entity shall, upon request, promptly furnish Ameriprise Financial
with a complete and current copy of the entity's Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws, or equivalent documents, and all amendments
thereto.

7. This corporate or entity resolution shall remain in full force and
effect until written notice of revocation or modification thereof is
received by Ameriprise Financial.

8. This corporate or entity resolution may be executed in multiple
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which
together shall be deemed to constitute a single agreement, and 
submitted at the same time.

9. Facsimile signatures on the corporate or entity resolution shall be
deemed to constitute originals.

