[[!meta title="New board member information for SPI"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016-2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# New board member information for SPI

## Director responsibilities

As a director, you have a fiduciary duty to the organization. Please read
about the [responsibilities of
directors](https://www.charitiesnys.com/pdfs/Right-From-the-Start.pdf).

SPI is incorporated in the state of New York (NYS) and has to abide by New
York Not-For-Profit Corporation Law. SPI's operations are governed by [SPI
by-laws](../../by-laws/).

SPI has a [Conflict of Interest
policy](../../resolutions/2016/2016-02-10.djl.1/).  Please read the policy
carefully and think about any potential conflicts you have.  All directors
have to fill out a Conflict of Interest declaration before appointment and
annually thereafter.  When you act as a director of SPI, you have to make
decisions with SPI's best interest in mind rather than the interest of
another organization or project you're affiliated with.

SPI conducts monthly meetings on IRC that you're expected to attend as a
director.  You can find [details on the meeting page](/meetings/),
including the usual meeting times, minutes, agendas and an ICS calendar
file.

SPI has Director and Officer (D&O) liability insurance.  This comes with
several reporting requirements which still have to be documented.


## Access to services

When you become a board member you should ask for access to a number of
services. You can send a request to the SPI sys admin team by email to an
[RT queue](../../rt/) hosted at `rt.spi-inc.org`. Please email `sysadmin`
at this domain with your requests.

Key services to request access to are:

 * Email alias: you can request an spi-inc.org email alias to use for SPI communication.
 * Request Tracker (RT) web access: we use RT to track outstanding items.  There are several RT queues.
 * Read/write access to git repositories on GitLab: see below for more details.
 * G Suite: for SPI's phone number and various collaboration facilities

For SSH access you should send a public SSH key to the `sysadmin` alias.
For RT access just send an email requesting access from your normal email
address.  The sys admin team will also add you to the `spi-board` mailing
list which is used for internal communication of the board of directors.
This list is run by Mailman and you can [read the
archives](http://lists.spi-inc.org/private/spi-board/) to get a better
understanding of recent activities.  You will receive a password for the
archives when you are added to the list.


## Git repositories

SPI has a number of public and private Git repositories.  You can see list
of repositories you have access to on
[SPI's GitLab](https://gitlab.com/spi-inc).

The URL form for these repos with SSH access is
`git@gitlab.com:spi-inc/REPO.git`, so once you have added your SSH public
key [(here)](https://gitlab.com/-/profile/keys), you can clone the board
git repo like this:

    git clone git@gitlab.com:spi-inc/board.git

As a board member you will have write access to all repositories, among
which:

 * board
 * board-private

The `board` repository is public whereas `board-private` is private (as the
name suggests).  It's generally preferred to add details to the web site or
the public `board` repository for transparency but private details should
be stored in `board-private`.

When you become a director, please add your address and phone number to
`Director_Contact_Details` in the private board repository so we have your
contact details in case we cannot get hold of you via email.

The [public board repository](https://gitlab.com/spi-inc/board)
contains some interesting material, so please make yourself familiar with
it.  Please also check out the [other onboarding information](../) to get
more familiar with the operations of SPI.

Please be careful when making changes to the git repositories.  Do not do
any forced pushes.


## Email aliases

When you become a board member you may request an email alias (treasurer,
secretary, etc.). Please email the `sysadmin` alias.


## Calendar link

For people using google calendar there is a calendar maintained which is
updated with the dates of board meetings.  Add [this
URL](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/d15uhtjihbkq1rf4fc4gf3kgjo%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
to Google Calendar using "Add by URL" in "Other calendars" in the Google
Calendar web interface.  This is an ICS file so you can also use it
with other calendar tools.


## Etherpad

When collaborating on a document with other SPI members you may find
Etherpad useful.  SPI does not host its own Etherpad server but the
[Etherpad instance at Riseup](http://pad.riseup.net/) can be used for
non-confidential material.  Note that anyone with the URL of an Etherpad on
that server can edit it, and if a pad is inactive for 60 days then it is
automatically deleted.  Material should be moved into git soon after the
initial collaboration.


## Mailing lists

You should be on the following mailing lists

 * spi-announce
 * spi-general
 * spi-private
 * spi-board

In addition, the `spi-projects` mailing list can be used to reach all SPI
liaisons from associated projects.  It is a moderated list so you can post
without being a member of the list.  You can also request to be added as a
board member if you are not already on the list.

Some lists, in particular `spi-announce`, are moderated.


## Committees

The board can create committees for specific tasks.  These committees are
listed here [on the website](../../committees/).  At time of writing there
is only one committee, the membership committee, which is made up of the same
members as the board.


## Legal services

The Software Freedom Law Center (SFLC) provides pro-bono legal advice to
SPI.  They provide advice and file trademark applications for SPI projects.

