[[!meta title="Project liaisons"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016-2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Project liaisons

Each SPI associated project has a project liaison who serves as a point
of contact for the project.

Once your project is accepted by the SPI board, the Secretary will
contact the project liaison to extend a formal invitation.  If the
project accepts the invitation, the project gets added to the [list of
projects](/projects/).  The project liaison will also be added to the
`spi-projects` mailing list which serves as a way to contact all SPI
project liaisons.

Please read the [Associated Project
Howto](/projects/associated-project-howto/) which contains a lot of
information for associated projects, including services offered.

## Donations

As a new project, [some information](/treasurer/newprojects/) is needed
so SPI can accept donations on behalf of your project.

## Communication

Please work with the SPI Secretary to get your project listed on the SPI
web site.  Your project should be listed on the [project
page](/projects/).  If your project has a sponsor or "thank you" page, we
can add a link to our [sponsor page](/sponsors/).

SPI publishes an [annual report](../../annual-reports) in which new
associated projects are highlighted and updates from projects published.
The Secretary will contact you at the beginning of each year to get
updates from your project.

If you have other ideas on how to promote your project, SPI and FOSS,
please let us know, either by contacting the [the board](../../board/)
or by starting a discussion on
[spi-general](http://lists.spi-inc.org/listinfo/spi-general).

## Participation in SPI

Please encourage your contributors to sign up as [SPI contributing
members](/membership/).  This ensures that your project is represented
in SPI elections and votes.

The SPI board holds [monthly meetings](/meetings/) to which the public
is invited.  We especially encourage project liaisons to join and to
actively participate in our meetings.

## Contacting the board

If you need anything, please contact [the board](../../board/) at
<board@spi-inc.org>.  Make sure you're familiar with the [Associated
Project Howto](/projects/associated-project-howto/) which contains a lot
of information for associated projects.

## Other requests

If you have treasurer or sys admin related requests, please file a
ticket in our [RT ticketing system](../../rt/).

