[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2015 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2: Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [July 9, 2015](/meetings/minutes/2015/2015-07-09/).

WHEREAS

1. PostgreSQL.Org is an affiliated SPI project.

2. PostgreSQL.Org wishes to financially sponsor travel to a PostgreSQL
conference in Cuba.

3. Josh Berkus of PostgreSQL Core has sought legal advice from Software
Freedom Law Center in regards to this opportunity.

4. Joshua Drake, Director with SPI and PostgreSQL.Org Liaison, has
approved the request on the requirement that SPI also approve the
request.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. This travel sponsorship falls under the rules and regulations of the
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States Department
of the Treasury. The travel is under a general license that has the
following requirements:

   a. Travel must be direct to and from the conference venue, without
   side travel or tourism conducted before, after, or during the
   conference period;

   b. Daily schedules of conference attendees should be limited to
   conference activities, and should leave no time for touristic or
   other non-conference activities;

   c. The conference must not promote tourism in Cuba.

2. PostgreSQL.org's liaison or his designee must maintain sufficient
records to be able to demonstrate compliance after the fact with these
terms (i.e. maintaining documents concerning the conference purpose,
which are standard, and being able to show both the travel itineraries
and the daily activities schedules of attendees, from normal business
sources.)

3. It approves a financial sponsorship of travel to the conference based
on the limitations set forth.

4. Recipients of travel sponsorship to the PostgreSQL conference in Cuba
are required to sign a sworn affidavit that they will not violate any of
the above requirements.

