[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2009-02-11

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of Wednesday, February 11th,
2009, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call (Tentative regrets from Luk Claes, David Graham, and Neil
   McGovern)
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. Neil's responsibility
      1. [March 19th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-03-19/)
         (prepared by Martin Zobel-Helas, will be HTMLified later)
         * Will need slight amendment later to add list of registered guests
           and the text of resolution 2008-03-19.jrk.2
      2. June 18th, 2008
      3. July 2nd, 2008 (annual meeting)
      4. August 20th, 2008
   2. Jimmy's responsibility
      1. December 17th, 2008
      2. January 21st, 2009
7. Items up for discussion:
   1. Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1: New affiliated project: Helios Initiative
      (Joshua D. Drake)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting - Wednesday, March 18th, 2009, 20:00 UTC

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period December 01, 2008 - December 31, 2008

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           7,650.06
        Gallery                            100.00
        Madwifi.org                        149.00
        OpenOffice.org                      10.52
        PostgreSQL                       2,125.92
        SPI General                        360.00
        SPI 5%                             226.78

        Total Ordinary Income           10,622.28
                                        ---------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          65.44

        Total Interest Income               65.44
                                            -----

   Gross Income                         10,687.72
                                        ---------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          Processing Fees          66.70
          SPI 5%                  107.50

          Total Debian Exp        103.74
                                  ------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           2.70
          SPI 5%                    5.00
          Travel Reimbursement    475.00

          Total Gallery Exp       482.70
                                  ------

        Madwifi.org
          Processing Fees           5.96
          SPI 5%                    7.45

          Total Madwifi.org Exp    13.41
                                   -----

        OpenOffice.org
          Processing Fees           0.42
          SPI 5%                    0.53

          Total OpenOffice.org Exp  0.95
                                    ----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees           7.10
          SPI 5%                  106.30

          Total PostgreSQL Exp    113.40
                                  ------

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         20.15
          Copies                    0.29

          Total SPI Exp            66.73
                                   -----

        Tux4Kids
          Travel Reimbursement  1,355.00
          Wire Fee                 35.00

          Total T4K Exp         1,390.00
                                --------

        Total Expenses          2,170.93
                                --------

        Net Income              8,516.79
                                ========

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      41,783.41
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,943.60
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,336.39

     Total Current Assets                                153,063.40

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          153,063.40


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    88,121.59
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,591.99
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,139.70
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,194.89
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                13,931.98
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,935.05

        Total held in trust                              123,068.09

        General reserves                                  29,995.31

     Total Equity                                        153,063.40

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            153,063.40
</pre>


<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period January 01, 2009 - January 31, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           9,530.88
        Gallery                             10.00
        OpenOffice.org                     140.26
        PostgreSQL                       1,371.26
        SPI General                      1,585.00
        SPI 5%                             552.62

        Total Ordinary Income           13,190.02
                                        ---------

   Dividend Income
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Fund           53.12 [1]

        Total Dividend Income               53.12
                                            -----

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          41.52

        Total Interest Income               41.52
                                            -----

   Gross Income                         13,284.66
                                        ---------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          Processing Fees         113.83
          SPI 5%                  476.54

          Total Debian Exp        590.38
                                  ------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           0.27
          SPI 5%                    0.50

          Total Gallery Exp         0.77
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org
          Processing Fees           5.61
          SPI 5%                    7.01

          Total OpenOffice.org Exp 12.62
                                   -----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees          41.28
          SPI 5%                   68.56
          Travel Reimbursement  1,012.80


          Total PostgreSQL Exp  1,122.65
                                --------

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         23.53

          Total SPI Exp            53.48
                                   -----

        Tux4Kids
          Travel Reimbursement    440.00
          Wire Fee                 35.00
          Wire Research Fee        10.00

          Total T4K Exp           485.00
                                  ------

        Total Expenses          2,264.90
                                --------

        Net Income             11,019.76
                               =========


[1] This dividend income includes all dividend income since the last
time the Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Fund balance was reconciled and was not
all earned during this period.



Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      52,683.84
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,985.12
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,389.51

     Total Current Assets                                164,058.47

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          164,058.47


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    97,062.09
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,601.22
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,139.70
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,322.53
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                14,180.59
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,450.05

        Total held in trust                              131,975.38

        General reserves                                  32,083.09

     Total Equity                                        164,058.47

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            164,058.47
</pre>

### Secretary's report

An application was received from the OpenWRT project to associate with SPI,
along with a draft charter. A resolution to approve this is expected to be
presented for voting at the March meeting. Also, Debian made a request for SPI
to sign a contract with a non-profit which will be hosting a server on their
behalf, as requested by that non-profit. We passed the contract by our
lawyers, who made a few minor suggestions to improve convenience and the
protections for SPI and Debian, which were approved by the other party. SPI
President Bdale Garbee proceeded to sign the modified contract and send a copy
to the hosting non-profit. No exchange of money whatsoever is involved with
this hosting arrangement.

### Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1: New affiliated project: Helios Initiative

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. Helios Initiative is a substantial and useful open source project.

 2. The Helios Initiative would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 3. The Helios Initiative is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

 4. Currently, Ken Starks is recognised by SPI as the current
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for the Helios Initiative.
Successors will be appointed in turn by the sitting project liaison.

 5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre><p>Joshua provided the following background to the resolution, in the form of an email from Ken Starks to him:</p><pre>Hello Joshua,

Please consider this our official application for an Associate
Membership into Software in the Public Interest.  As well, bear with us
as we revamp our new website &lt;http://www.heliosinitiative.org/&gt;, it
should be completed in a couple of days.  You can see the official blog
for The Helios Project here&lt;http://www.heliosinitiative.org/blog/&gt;
.

"The HeliOS Project" began in 2004.  It was simply three guys gathered
around a dining room table in my home, watching baseball and rebuilding
computers from discarded equipment we had gathered.  We in turn took
these machines and found homes for them with socially and financially
disadvantaged kids in the Austin Area.

As we perceived the increased need for these computers in the community,
we have organized ourselves to meet the challenge.  I began putting
together an organization that would allow me to maximize the resources
of the Open Source Community, therefore increasing our ability to
produce these much-needed machines.  We have grown through efforts such
as the Tux500 project
&lt;http://news.cnet.com/2300-11389_3-6186004-1.html?tag=ne.gall.pg&gt;,
and the more recent Lindependence 2008
&lt;http://www.lindependence.net/&gt;Project. Larry Cafiero and myself built
the Lindependence effort in July of 2007 and we've held events in Felton
California and Portland Oregon.  2009 promises several events in the US
and many others world-wide.

In 2008, The HeliOS Project built, placed and supported 329 computers
for our disadvantaged kids.  This has entailed an enormous amount of
work but for every trying moment, there were twice as many gratifying
ones.  This project has dual purpose.  The obvious one is to get
computers into the hands of those who normally would not have one.  The
second and equally-important mission is to proliferate GNU/Linux and
Free Open Source Software on the everyday desktop user's computer.

We have achieved much success in the limited scope of our efforts.
Becoming an Associate Member of SPI will allow us to leverage the
nonprofit status of the organization and not only bring our efforts into
a wider spotlight, it would give us the much-needed ability to issue
letters of tax exemption to our donors.  For every one donor we gain, we
lose 3-5 because we do not have the 501 federal designator needed to
issue such letters.

We will of course need the nonprofit status that this membership brings
as well as the book keeping that comes with it.  Membership within SPI
brings a level of credibility and reliability to any worthwhile project
and we are excited that you find us a good match for SPI.  Dealing with
hardware donations, we will be happy to assign the dollar amounts for
the donations and forward them to the appropriate contact at SPI.  We
keep an accurate eye on current hardware prices, both new and old.  Tom
King, our Secretary/Treasurer will maintain our records and inventory
locally as well if you need them.  We will provide SPI with a "chain of
custody" record of every item donated through your organization and
given donated by us, should you require it.  The International exposure
of our organization via our membership in SPI is invaluable and we thank
you for considering this as our official membership application.

Kenneth Starks will be the liaison between SPI and The HeliOS Project.
In his absence or the improbable event he cannot be reached, Larry
Cafiero will act as our official liaison.

Sincerely,

Ken Starks
The HeliOS Project
</pre>

