[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 10th March, 2025

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board Meeting of Monday, March 10th
2025, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Héctor Orón Martínez)
5. Secretary's report (Zach van Rijn)
6. Outstanding minutes
    1. [Monday, 10 February, 2025](/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-02-10/)
7. Items up for discussion
    1. Resolution 2025-03-10.js.1: Remove Fluxbox as an Associated Project
    2. Resolution 2025-03-10.js.2: Remove Aptosid as an Associated Project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: April 14, 2025, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Items up for Discussion

### Resolution 2025-03-10.js.1: Remove Fluxbox as an Associated Project

<pre>
SPI resolution 2025-03-10.js.1

WHEREAS

1. Fluxbox is currently an SPI associated project.

2. The Fluxbox project, an open source window manager for X, has
   been defunct for many years and is no longer under active
   development.

3. The Fluxbox project liaison confirmed this to be the case.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Fluxbox is removed from the list of SPI associated projects.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Fluxbox.

3. SPI will endeavor in good faith to identify and contact the
   latest donors to the Fluxbox project whose donations were not
   used, to inquire if they wish to repurpose earmarked donations or
   have them returned. Donors claiming refunds may be required to
   fill Form 1040X and submit the amendment to the IRS.

4. If the earmarking of the remaining assets was done in error, the
   earmark will be rectified and the money will be deposited in SPI
   General Fund.

5. This is subject to any undischarged obligations SPI may have with
   respect to Fluxbox. We are not aware of any such undischarged
   obligations. We ask anyone who is aware of any to notify us
   within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2025-03-10.js.2: Remove Aptosid as an Associated Project

<pre>
SPI resolution 2025-03-10.js.2

WHEREAS

1. Aptosid is currently an SPI associated project.

2. The Aptosid project, a GNU/Linux distribution based on Debian
   unstable, has been defunct for many years and is no longer under
   active development.

3. The Aptosid project liaison was unable to be reached for comment.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Aptosid is removed from the list of SPI associated projects.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Aptosid.

3. SPI will endeavor in good faith to identify and contact the
   latest donors to the Aptosid project whose donations were not
   used, to inquire if they wish to repurpose earmarked donations or
   have them returned. Donors claiming refunds may be required to
   fill Form 1040X and submit the amendment to the IRS.

4. If the earmarking of the remaining assets was done in error, the
   earmark will be rectified and the money will be deposited in SPI
   General Fund.

5. This is subject to any undischarged obligations SPI may have with
   respect to Aptosid. We are not aware of any such undischarged
   obligations. We ask anyone who is aware of any to notify us
   within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

## Other Business

### Secretary is seeking a replacement.
