# Position statement for Dimitri John Ledkov

My name is Dimitri John Ledkov.  I have been hobbyist OS engineer since
2007, and professionally since 2012. Predominantly, I am a Debian
Developer, Ubuntu Core Developer and Clear Linux Project developer. And I
have been involved in many open-source projects over the course of past
eight plus years.

Other the past years I have been part of many committees. I have been a
Student Union councillor, even a chair briefly; treasurer for an athletic
union; president of a volleyball club; member of Ubuntu Developer
Membership board. Thus I have a good working knowledge of organising and
attending formal meetings, with agendas / meeting minutes etc.

I have extensive accounting experience. It is mainly focused on European
cross-border accounting/tax laws, Latvian and UK internal. But a lot of
core skills are transferable to US non-profit accounting. I used to develop
OpenERP (now renamed to be called odoo, ancient name TinyERP) including
migrating to/from alternative accounting systems, porting chart of
accounts, generating custom/tax/balance/budgeting reports.

As an active member of open-source developer community, I value the work
and services that SPI provide to its member projects. I would like to
volunteer my personal time "to ensure that SPI continues to responsibly
manage assets on behalf of the Debian Project and other associated member
projects." I believe my open source, board/committees, and financial
background are the ideal mix of skills from an SPI board director.

