# Position statement for Michael Schultheiss

I am Michael Schultheiss, schultmc on IRC, and I am running for
re-election to the SPI Board of Directors.

I have been an SPI Director since July 2006 and an SPI Officer since
August 2006, serving as Vice-President from August 2006 through August
2007 and as Treasurer from August 2007 through the present. I also
served as Assistant Treasurer under the previous two Treasurers,
assisting with timely mail pickup and depositing of donations. During my
tenure as SPI Treasurer, I made timely deposits of donations and
released periodic financial reports.

I have been a Debian Developer since April 2002. I participated in the
IA64 port and currently maintain a handful of packages, primarily web
applications. I have used Debian since 2000 both personally and
professionally.

I was on the core team of the [Gallery project](http://gallery.menalto.com/),
an open source web based photo album organizer and SPI Associated Project.
I packaged Gallery for Debian, helped out with documentation and user
support, and offered guidance on Gallery's involvement in SPI.  I led
Gallery's involvement in the Google Summer of Code program from April 2006
through September 2008.

I frequently use the software and services provided by several other
current and former SPI Associated Projects. I'm on irc.oftc.net daily,
run several Drupal websites, use LibreOffice nearly every day, and use
PostgreSQL for several sites as well.

I have been an SPI Contributing member since January 2003. In May 2005,
I joined the SPI Membership Committee. I have attended the vast majority
of the SPI board meetings over the past several years, regardless of
whether I was serving on the Board at the time. I also serve on the
Board of Directors for several other non-profit organizations and am
also interested in the Bylaws Committee.

In addition to Debian, Gallery, and SPI, I have contributed to the FLOSS
community in other areas:

I've served on the Board of Directors of the Central Indiana Linux
Users' Group (CINLUG) since March 2001 (March 2001-2002 and March
2003-Present as President, and March 2002-2003 as Vice-President). I
have helped schedule and plan dozens of monthly presentations and helped
organize our installfests and in-depth training sessions. Debian is
often a key component in our training sessions.

I'm the co-founder of the Indiana Ubuntu Local Community Team and
coordinated the effort to get the Indiana LoCo Team officially approved
status from the Ubuntu Community Council. I provide Ubuntu support and
advocacy for users throughout Indiana.

I've participated in CINLUG's Application for Recognition of Exemption
Under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and also helped
direct the discussions for the possible creation of the Gallery Software
Foundation. Gallery decided to become an SPI Associated Project to avoid
the painstaking process of starting and running their own organization.
I know first hand how time consuming the 501(c)(3) application process
is and organizations should be very grateful that umbrella organizations
like SPI exist so they can benefit from tax-exempt status without having
to go through the tedious application process themselves.

SPI provides a great service to the FLOSS community. I look forward to
SPI's future expansion as it welcomes new projects under the SPI
umbrella. SPI's current activities as an umbrella organization are only
a small portion of its authorized purposes listed in its Certificate of
Incorporation. In addition to serving as an umbrella organization, SPI
could also help the FLOSS community by expanding its activities to
include other authorized purposes.

In addition to serving as SPI Treasurer, I am also treasurer of other
non-profit organizations. I have taken numerous business and accounting
courses and am familiar with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. I
am interested in continuing as SPI Treasurer.

