# David Graham

### Statement

My name is David Graham, known to many as cdlu.

I joined Software in the Public Interest when it accepted the Open and
Free Technology Community as a member project. At the time, I was the
Chair of the project, and together with David Harris wrote the
project's constitution.

Since that time, our project has held 4 general elections and had 3
chairmen, and continues to function as a successful FOSS project under
Software in the Public Interest's wings.

Outside of SPI, my involvement with the FOSS community includes 2 years
as an OPN administrator from the end of 1999 to the end of 2001, and I
have been working for OSDN as NewsForge's NewsVac editor for most of
the time since the summer of 2000.

As a member of SPI, I have participated on the SPI By-Laws Revision
Committee - which currently has proposals before the board achieved
through the leadership of John Goerzen, attended nearly every board
meeting for the last year, and participated and encouraged debate among
the membership on the project's mailing lists and IRC channel.

I believe SPI's role is two-fold.

First and foremost is to be there for its largest and most successful
project, Debian. Its job is to defend Debian in the event of lawsuits,
and to protect its trademarks. Debian is SPI's backbone.

SPI is not, however, only Debian, and its other major role is to
promote and defend other Free and Open Source Software and related
projects, and to accommodate projects that require a legal umbrella
organisation. Its mission statement asserts that SPI must also be
involved in the promotion of and education about open source and open
standards.

I am a believer in SPI, and a long time user of Debian (since pre-apt
bo/1.3) and I would like an opportunity to serve on its board to help
SPI accomplish its stated goals.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
