# Jimmy Kaplowitz

I am Jimmy Kaplowitz, or Hydroxide on IRC, and I am running for a
position on SPI's board of directors.

I have been a member of SPI's biggest member project, Debian, since May 2001.
In Debian, I have participated in such usual developer activities as bug
fixing, package maintenance, new maintainer mentoring/sponsorship, and user
support via mailing list and IRC.

I have also been active in the governance of SPI itself, where I have
accomplished several things:

 * I have been a productive member of the Bylaws Revision Committee, which has created a proposal that aims to rectify the problems with our corporate bylaws that have at times impaired the functioning of our organization.
 * I researched and made a successful proposal to choose a provider for online credit card donations to SPI, which should be completely set up in the near future, satisfying the requests of many people over a period of years.
 * Finally, despite not being a board member, I have attended a significant majority of the board meetings that have taken place within the past year or two, and I have generally participated actively when attending an SPI meeting.

Outside of SPI and Debian, my biggest contribution to the free
software/open source community is the founding and leadership of the
Linux Users' Group at my university, Brown University. We have held two
successful installfests so far, and we plan to continue holding another
one every semester.

We also are gaining recognition on campus, with students and staff alike
contacting us with unsolicited requests for advice or assistance with
getting started with Linux. Our group holds weekly meetings and conducts
ongoing discussions on our mailing lists.  Talk has begun about
organizing a computer-related conference sometime within the next year to
educate people on such topics as computer privacy, security, ethics,
alternatives to Windows, things to do with computers, etc.

Visit our website at [http://blug.brown.edu/](http://blug.brown.edu/)
for more information. All in all, this
leadership opportunity has given me experience that would be useful in
serving as a director of SPI.

I believe that SPI can serve several useful purposes. It is important
that it continue holding in trust the money and other legal assets
belonging to its member projects such as Debian, Fresco, and OFTC. This
at the moment is the primary role it serves, and this role shall probably
always be vital to the well-being of SPI and its member projects. SPI can
also, as available effort and funds permit, begin to fulfil some more of
its stated corporate purposes, involving education of the general public
about free software and about computers in general. I ask you to elect me
to the board so that I assist more actively in the future of SPI.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
