20:00 < tbm> *GAVEL*
20:00 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-04-09/
20:00 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
20:00 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
20:00 < zobel> rtyler: just for the record: if you did not attend a meeting and you vote on the minutes, we vote abstain then.
20:00 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:00 < rtyler> R Tyler Croy
20:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:01 < zobel> Hydroxide: ^
20:01 < tbm> we have regrets from Tim Potter
20:01 < tbm> luca, tridge?
20:02 < zobel> we still need quorum.
20:03 < schultmc> Hydroxide was here moments ago
20:03 < Hydroxide> Jimmy kaplowitz
20:03 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
20:03 < tbm> ok, thanks
20:04 < tbm> [item 3, President's Report]
20:04 < luca> i'm in a work meeting but will reply here if kicked
20:04 < tbm> I added the report to the agenda:
20:04 < tbm> http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-04-09/
20:04 < tbm> kudos to the treasurer team in particular
20:04 < tbm> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < schultmc> Martin Zobel-Helas managed to tag all transactions except two. He sent out draft reports for all of 2017. We had feedback to that, which are not yet fully incorporated.
20:05 < schultmc> Martin Zobel-Helas also seeked for feedback from the board, sent ago last week, no response on that yet.
20:05 < schultmc> We are down to very few tickets in the treasurer-ap RT Queue, some long aging tickets are now being worked on.
20:05 < schultmc> Michael reviewed https://pad.riseup.net/p/6wxiTLQUcwvU regarding future bank accounts and gave feedback to Martin Zobel-Helas.
20:05 < schultmc> A draft webform for replacing the reimbursement PDF has been provided by Andrew, waiting for feedback from Martin and Michael.
20:05 < zobel> .
20:06 < Hydroxide> also I worked with zobel to get him set up with a US Google Voice account for use with PayPal
20:06 < zobel> while US google voice works, i had problems with paypal. i will contact brian on that the next days.
20:06 < Crofton|work> Nice
20:07 < Hydroxide> cool, seems like progress toward a solution still.
20:07 < zobel> and thanks go to spectranaut for helping me with an US number to send the verification text message to.
20:07 < zobel> for google voice.
20:07 < Hydroxide> yup, thanks
20:07 < spectranaut> :)
20:08 < rtyler> hack the planet
20:08 < rtyler> :D
20:08 < zobel> tbm: we are done from our side.
20:08 < tbm> Ok, thanks for all your work!
20:08 < tbm> Ok, one question
20:08 < zobel> i still need to provide feedback to sabrina
20:08 < zobel> in an email
20:09 < tbm> what remains to be done to make the 2017 reports final?
20:09 < tbm> a final review by someone, e.g. xnox?
20:09 < rtyler> the treasurer report is now in there?
20:09 < zobel> an audit from someone who knows ledger better than me.
20:09 < tbm> Ok, hopefully I can make some time
20:10 < zobel> rtyler: those are draft reports, sent to spi-general@lists.spi-inc.org
20:10 < tbm> and I can ask xnox if he's available
20:10 < zobel> tbm: if not, can we ask xnox?
20:10 < tbm> any other questions?  Otherwise we can move on
20:11 < tbm> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:11 < spectranaut> Nothing to report.
20:11 < tbm> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:11 < tbm> The minutes for 12th March 2018 require approval.
20:11 < tbm> They can be found at http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2018/2018-03-12/
20:11 < spectranaut> Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 12th March 2018 - vote yes/no/abstain: tbm rtyler zobel schultmc Hydroxide spectranaut luca
20:11 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:11 < spectranaut> !vote yes
20:11 < luca> !vote yes
20:12 < rtyler> !vote yes
20:12 < zobel> !vote yes
20:12 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:12 < tbm> !vote yes
20:12 < spectranaut> vote passes, minutes approved!
20:12 < tbm> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:12 < tbm> [item 7.1, IT plan]
20:12 < tbm> luca
20:12 < zobel> spectranaut: close the vote?
20:12 < spectranaut> zobel: no script, lol
20:13 < luca> i sent a note to board yesterday
20:13 < luca> what i'm really looking for is board to accept what i've written or push back on it
20:13 < tbm> luca: can you copy your proposal here
20:13 < luca> in particular the two points: we are going to leverage cloud services and (2) we don't really have a position on which service and why
20:13 < luca> tbm: sure
20:13 < luca> sec
20:14 < rtyler> luca: I thought the approach in general makes sense, time is our most scarce resource as far as I can tell
20:14 < luca>   SPI will move our services to cloud-based offerings, ranging from IaaS
20:14 < luca>   (VMs) to SaaS (GitHub or GitLab), as appropriate. The objective is to
20:14 < luca>   leverage for-fee cloud services rather than relying on donated
20:14 < luca>   hardware from our associate projects (Debian) or from partners
20:14 < luca>   (ByteMark). Whether a cloud provider offers a discount is a secondary
20:14 < luca>   consideration to the objective of running up-to-date, secure services.
20:15 < schultmc> I'm fine as long as costs don't sky rocket. we have a healthy balance in the SPI General fund but since cloud resources are typically billed hourly we can easly exhaust that.
20:15  * rtyler nods
20:15 < luca> sure; we can make appeals for donated services similar to what Gandi offers Debian for X.509 certificates
20:15 < luca> but i want to get away from the hardware level donation
20:16 < luca> and focus on the service-level donation
20:16 < tbm> yeah
20:16 < rtyler> luca: the Jenkins project was offered donated Azure credits, do you have opinions on seeking that for Azure/AWS/GCP or whatever?
20:16 < tbm> our compute requiresments are small, so cloud seems like a good aproach
20:16 < Hydroxide> if there's a meaningful benefit to one cloud provider in terms of time, cost, or expertise, preferring them makes sense. we should also make sure that we don't get so locked in that we couldn't easily switch to another provider, both in case the pricing model changes and to be able to retain independence and leverage if they offer us discounts or donations
20:16 < luca> rtyler: i don't have an opinion of AWS over GCP over Azure
20:16 < zobel> luca: at least for azure i think we can pre-charge and get information when the money goes below a certain level.
20:17 < rtyler> understood
20:17 < luca> that ordering happens to be my preference but it's a personal preference not a board one
20:17 < luca> in fact, Digital Ocean might be the place to go
20:17 < rtyler> if this is something I can help with, I've lead the infra effort for Jenkins for a while (professinally use Azure and AWS)
20:17 < tbm> sounds like there are no objections to the overall approach
20:18 < rtyler> without getting into the weeds on solutions, schultmc do you have a budget target in mind?
20:18 < tbm> rtyler: I think the real question is: what do we need and what will it cost
20:18  * rtyler nods
20:18 < tbm> I suspect our needs are minimal
20:18 < zobel> rtyler: just a side question: whom where you talking to at azure? boris?
20:18 < tbm> and we can probably get donated resources (but that shouldn't be a blocker)
20:18 < rtyler> I think it would be prudent to have an agreement on the "what" and 'how' much, even if it's back of the napkin math
20:19 < rtyler> zobel: will followup after the meeting
20:19 < tbm> luca: you may want to paste your 1, 2, 3 step approach
20:19 < luca> With such an accepted statement, I'd focus on (1) enumerating which
20:19 < luca> services we will retain vs discard, (2) where those services might be
20:19 < luca> hosted, and (3) identifying a support model for each service.
20:19 < tbm> rtyler: agreed, we need an estimate but for that we need to compile a list of services
20:19 < schultmc> rtyler: not specifically.
20:19 < tbm> which is (1) in luca's list
20:19 < tbm> and (2)
20:19 < rtyler> tbm: right, I guess the #4 in my head was "evaluate cost"
20:20 < tbm> rtyler: right
20:20 < tbm> luca: did you want an informal poll or a vote on your proposed approach?
20:20 < tbm> I don't hear any objections
20:21 < Hydroxide> I don't think we need a vote - luca is SPI VP and the treasurer is amenable and this isn't a lot of money overall. if someone feels a need to put a resolution to a vote, they can propose specific text for email vote or for the May meeting. but I don't see a reason to block on that
20:22 < zobel> sgtm, please go ahead.
20:22 < rtyler> :thumbsup:
20:22 < spectranaut> sgtm
20:22 < tbm> rtyler: maybe you can help Luca with (2) since you have IT infra experience and are coming to SPI with a fresh perspective
20:22 < rtyler> indeed
20:22 < rtyler> luca: I'm happy to discuss later on your schedule if you'd like help or a sounding-board
20:22 < Hydroxide> luca: as you probably assumed, I'm happy to offer GCP advice if you do use GCP - I probably don't add much differential expertise with AWS or Azure but any of the three (or DO) is fine with me if it meets our various needs.
20:23 < tbm> AWS/GCP/Azure is one qustion, but luca's plan also includes moving some stuff to SaaS instead fo hosting it ourselves (on IaaS)
20:23 < luca> sorry, answering questions in meeting
20:23 < luca> two secs
20:24 < luca> okay, yes, happy to have assistance
20:24 < luca> we have contacts with via Debian Cloud Sprint
20:24 < luca> and via people who have worked for the companies, etc
20:24 < tbm> we have a sponsors page now ;-)
20:24 < luca> there's no lack of channels for talking to sponsors
20:24 < tbm> agreed
20:25 < Hydroxide> I don't object to SaaS if we don't get too locked-in or dependent or spend too much money, and if we retain sufficient control over our data (both for legal and moral compliance)
20:25 < rtyler> aye
20:25 < Hydroxide> and I think all of these providers have ways we can use them compatible with that
20:25 < Hydroxide> even for SaaS
20:25 < rtyler> it sounds like we're at the "do more work" part for this particular project
20:25 < tbm> right, I think there are going to be some questions one we have specific services in mind
20:26  * rtyler nods
20:26 < zobel> still sounds good to me. proceed?
20:26 < tbm> luca: is there anything we need to discuss now or is the next step to come up with a list and talk about details?
20:28 < tbm> Ok, moving on. We can come back to IT later if there's something else.
20:28 < tbm> [item 7.2, GitHub]
20:28 < tbm> I was able to acquire github.com/SPI recently.  GitHub has a policy
20:28 < tbm> against unused accounts and I was able to free up SPI and obtain it
20:28 < tbm> for us.  I put a mirror of the web site there.  And while I was at
20:28 < tbm> it, I enabled Travis, checked Joerg's build script into Git, added
20:29 < tbm> a README, LICENSE and contributing guide.
20:29 < tbm> Currently, GitHub is just a mirror but we should decide whether we
20:29 < tbm> want to use it for more.  Maybe it's best to consider this offline
20:29 < tbm> after Luca has submitted his detailed IT proposal.
20:29 < Hydroxide> agreed that the IT proposal seems to make sense to consider first. thanks for getting that github org!
20:29  * rtyler nods
20:30 < tridge> hi
20:30 < tbm> Ok, let's come back to this another time
20:30 < tbm> hey tridge
20:30 < tridge> off by a damn hour with tz change
20:30 < spectranaut> state your name for the minutes, tridge :)
20:30 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:30 < tbm> [item 7.3, 2017 annual report]
20:30 < tbm> I've been working on the 2017 annual report.  Thanks to all the
20:30 < tbm> projects which submitted project updates.  We have a lot of updates
20:30 < tbm> for the report!
20:30 < tbm> I'd like to publish the report soon (not in July like last year).
20:30 < tbm> I think we can publish once the 2017 treasurer report is complete.
20:30 < tbm> If you have additions, please let me know or add them in Git.
20:30 < tbm> Thanks for those who provided comments already.
20:31 < tbm> The new report also has more visual appeal thanks to Valessio
20:31 < rtyler> thanks for pushing it towards the finish line :)
20:31 < rtyler> I was wondering when I on-boarded where that 2017 report was ... :)
20:32 < tbm> getting updates from projects is hard work unfortunately
20:32 < tbm> [item 7.4, Updating the Reimbursement PDF]
20:32 < tbm> zobel?
20:32 < tbm> schultmc?
20:32 < spectranaut> I added this agenda item when the request was open -- but it's possible the board mail conversation and tridge work has taken care of this item?
20:32 < zobel> tridge provided a web form. i want to move away from the current pdf, that people print and hand fill
20:33 < tridge> the form I did was quick and dirty, I can clean it up a bit
20:33 < tbm> tridge's prototype looks good
20:33 < schultmc> Anything we can do to encourage to fill out the form electronically would be beneficial
20:33 < zobel> i owe tridge a few remarks on his draft, which looks fine, but i am also not that experienced on what is needed, schultmc has more ideas on that.
20:33 < schultmc> hand writing and scanning is highly error prone
20:34 < zobel> c&p for the win!
20:34 < rtyler> heh
20:34 < tridge> i want to auto-name the pdf with user and date
20:34 < tbm> good idea
20:35 < zobel> tridge: i have a few more requests, but the minimal work we have up to know looks promising.
20:35 < tbm> anyway, tridge's prototype is a good start. I think we can continue this offline.
20:35 < zobel> s/know/now/
20:35 < tridge> ok, should we put it in the wiki git?
20:35 < tridge> i assume js works there
20:35 < zobel> sounds like a plan
20:36 < tbm> Thanks tridge!
20:36 < tbm> [item 7.5, F2F Action Item Review]
20:36 < tbm> I updated Hydroxide's action items according to his comments earlier today
20:36 < tbm> mine are up to date too
20:36 < zobel> i will mail a draft to board before i mail sabrina
20:36 < tbm> Tim Potter's can be assigned to tridge now :)  (reimbursement form)
20:37 < tbm> Ok, everyone else, if you have updates, /msg spectranaut or me
20:37 < tbm> [item 8, Any other business]
20:37 < spectranaut> thanks everyone who replied to the discussion about the Code of Conduct, I'll review and edit the draft this week!
20:37 < tbm> zobel has two items
20:38 < zobel> * More on treasurer work (i forgot to mention earlier):  we soon will need a board vote on new bank accounts. Our bylaws require us to have a vote on opening new accounts on new banks. this is more a heads-up for now.
20:38 < schultmc> I did notice that emails from RT don't reach sabrina - outlook.com flags them as spam
20:39 < zobel> schultmc: my last mails from RT reached Sabrina
20:39 < Hydroxide> that's not good. is there a workaround? for example, maybe there's a way to do the "add this address to your addreeses book" trick that doesn't make sense to most of us but which companies commonly advise
20:39 < schultmc> zobel: nice
20:39 < Hydroxide> or just have it work, sure :)
20:39 < schultmc> I know my pings got stuck as well as my test message last month
20:39 < zobel> schultmc Hydroxide: yes, adding DMARC might help.
20:40 < zobel> but that needs help from either luca or Ganneff. or maybe schultmc
20:40 < tbm> ok
20:40 < tbm> zobel: your other item?
20:40 < zobel> * stickers: Do we want to proceed with the proposal for the stickers?
20:40 < Hydroxide> I don't object (nor do I think it needs a board vote)
20:41 < tbm> Yes, I think your idea is good.  Longterm, I'd like to see an outreach plan, but
20:41  * rtyler shrugs
20:41 < tbm> I think we need to figure out first what our capacity is.
20:41 < rtyler> go for it as far as I am concerned
20:41 < tbm> Getting some stickers done now is fine
20:41 < Hydroxide> they don't have an expiration date, right? :)
20:41 < zobel> Hydroxide: we had one, on which layout to choose :)
20:41 < Hydroxide> zobel: right, I think there was a clear preferred option
20:41 < tbm> Hydroxide: potentially they do because we were thinking of getting a new logo
20:41 < zobel> Hydroxide: well, if we have a new logo some day...  maybe
20:42 < Hydroxide> oh come on, old vintage logo stickers are fashionable :D
20:42 < rtyler> word art!
20:42 < tbm> zobel: please go ahead and order them or tell me and I'll get it done
20:42 < tbm> any other business?
20:42 < zobel> okay, i will ask valesio for a sole option 7 sticker then.
20:43 < zobel> i had one more, but i forgot it in the mid of the meeting.
20:43 < zobel> i will mail board, in case it was important.
20:43 < tbm> ok
20:43 < tbm> sounds good
20:43 < tbm> It seems we're making good progress
20:43 < tbm> Thanks everyone!
20:43 < tbm> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:43 < tbm> The next board meeting is scheduled for: May 14th, 2018
20:44 < tbm> Any objections?
20:44 < rtyler> not from me!
20:44 < zobel> does not work for me.
20:44 < Hydroxide> it's as good as any other time in mid/late may for me. free for now with a meaningful chance of schedule change. so, wfm for now
20:44 < tbm> zobel: ok, let's keep the date but let's see if other people send regrets
20:44 < tbm> *GAVEL*
