20:00 < tbm> *GAVEL*
20:00 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < tridge> lots of theory with paypal .... not sure about practice :)
20:00 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-02-12/
20:00 < zobel> tridge: yes, in adjustments.ledger.
20:00 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:00 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:01 < luca> Luca Filipozzi
20:01 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:01 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
20:01 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
20:01 < tbm> tpot?
20:01 < tbm> Ganneff?
20:01 < tpot> Tim Pottr
20:01 < tpot> Tim Potter
20:02 < tbm> I'd like to point out that Joerg (Ganneff) has unfortunately missed many
20:02 < tbm> meetings and is in violation of the board attendance policy.  I'll email
20:02 < tbm> him after this meeting to see if he's still interested in being on the
20:02 < tbm> board.
20:02 < tbm> [item 3, President's Report]
20:03 < tbm> I added a report to the agenda: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-02-12/
20:03 < tbm> I attended FOSDEM recently and met with some projects. I'll send a report
20:03 < tbm> to the board soon.
20:03 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
20:03 < Ganneff> (sorry, train time)
20:03 < tbm> Ganneff: oh, good to have you!
20:04 < tbm> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < tbm> schultmc, zobel
20:04 < zobel> schultmc first.
20:04 < schultmc> zobel, tridge and I have been working on importing data so we can generate reports for 2017 and january 2018. we should have the outstanding 2017 reports out soon
20:05 < zobel> we have 102 bookings i still need to identify the project for 2017. most of those have RT ticket numbers, where i just need to look them up.
20:05 < zobel> schultmc and tridge had been very helpful the last days
20:06 < zobel> i very much hope to finish that by the weekend.
20:06 < tbm> Ok, that's good to hear. Several projects have been asking for reports
20:07 < zobel> i know. once we have the bookings ready, i will do 2018-01.
20:07 < zobel> but i need to close the books for 2017 first.
20:07 < tbm> Yeah
20:07 < tbm> Sounds there's good progress
20:07 < zobel> </done from side>
20:07 < tbm> schultmc: what about outstanding reimbursements. It seems you're processing incoming requests fairly quickly
20:07 < tbm> but there are some old ones outstanding
20:08 < schultmc> tbm: I'm going through RT and should have things caught up in the next few days
20:08 < tbm> I get the impression you sometimes process in LIFO order, which means old ones never get done (?)
20:08 < schultmc> FIFO is the standard workflow but occasionally there are additional details that require feedback from the submitter
20:09 < tbm> Ok
20:09 < tbm> Keep up the good work
20:09 < zobel> schultmc: is there something that sabrina could help with?
20:10 < schultmc> zobel: she's been helpful with debconf reimbursements - if she could make sure all reimbursements have the needed information that would speed things up
20:11 < zobel> then we should talk to her and/or luca.
20:11 < tbm> fwiw, I've been doing some triage work in incoming tickets but that's certainly something Sabrina could do
20:12 < tbm> Let's discuss offline in more detail
20:12 < luca> zobel: she is happy to take on more responsibility when we're ready to give it to her
20:12 < tbm> Anything else or should we move on?
20:12 < schultmc> we can move on
20:12 < tbm> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:12 < spectranaut> Nothing to report.
20:12 < tbm> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:12 < tbm> The minutes for 11th December 2017 require approval.
20:13 < tbm> They can be found at http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2017/2017-12-11/
20:13 < spectranaut> no voting script again -- hand counting :)
20:13 < spectranaut> Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 11th December 2017 - vote yes/no/abstain: zobel Hydroxide tbm schultmc luca tridge tpot spectranaut Ganneff
20:13 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:13 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:13 < spectranaut> !vote yes
20:13 < luca> !vote abstain
20:13 < tridge> !vote yes
20:13 < Ganneff> !vote abstain
20:13 < tpot> !vote yes
20:13 < zobel> !vote yes
20:13 < zobel> soory
20:13 < zobel> !vote abstain
20:14 < tbm> !vote yes
20:14 < spectranaut> vote passes!
20:14 < spectranaut> meeting minutes approved.
20:14 < tbm> As an aside, looking at the minutes, we passed the resolution regarding
20:14 < tbm> FSFE's "Public Money, Public Code" campaign
20:15 < tbm> I informed FSFE about this and we're now listed on their web site
20:15 < tbm> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:15 < tbm> [item 7.1, Review of F2F Action Items]
20:15 < luca> i'll go first
20:16 < luca> of the items listed, i've made progress on only 'sysadmin information', and not much therein
20:16 < Hydroxide> My update: As per my board@ email yesterday, I've quite recently dug out of a long personal backlog of to-do items and completed my remaining F2F action items except for the second one, which I'll do after Mishi follows up. Hoping to hold the board vote in March if Mishi is responsive. Lining up the member vote with the annual board elections might be ideal to maximize participation. (done)
20:16 < luca> i finish moving by the end of February so will have more time starting March 1
20:16 < luca> that is all.
20:16 < tbm> I contacted some defunct projects but not all. I'll do it this week.
20:16 < tbm> I reached out to SPI associated projects regarding a thank you page, so this is in progress.
20:16 < Hydroxide> (sorry for interrupting luca, I misread it as a one-line update instead of 3-line.)
20:17 < tbm> I spoke to Valessio Brito. He supplied artwork for the annual report (thanks) and needs more input on a potential logo redesign.
20:17 < luca> Hydroxide: no worries; the overwrite works fine
20:17 < zobel> i need write a mail for luca and/or sabrina
20:18 < tbm> Ok, if you have other updates, email spectranaut
20:18 < tbm> [item 8, Any other business]
20:18 < tbm> I believe zobel has a topic
20:18 < spectranaut> I'll put on the agenda for the next's months meeting to discuss reviewing and organizing past resolutions. I haven't done the other action items (display twitter on website or use to announce meetings/resolutions or start work on membership committee)
20:19 < spectranaut> (that's all from me)
20:19 < zobel> yes.  there is a law change is europe upcoming called EU GDPR.
20:19 < zobel> we will be affected by that. and should ask for legal advise.
20:19 < Ganneff> i have one: I'mm going to resign, will send a mail later.
20:19 < tbm> EU GDPR = EU General Data Protection Regulation
20:20 < zobel> i am not so much concerned about www.spi-inc.orgm but rt.spi-inc.org and members.spi-inc.org
20:20 < zobel> not sure about lists.spi-inc.org
20:20 < luca> for GDPR, we need to understand SPI's responsibility vs Associated Project's responsibilities
20:20 < Ganneff> that too
20:20 < zobel> we should seek for legal advise and i would like to encourage president and/or secretary to do so.
20:20 < tbm> zobel: right. Do we have specific questions we want to ask? If so, can you email the board
20:20 < tbm> I'm happy to email Mishi
20:21 < zobel> tbm: we first need to identify where we collect personal infromation on our systems.
20:21 < Ganneff> i think it needs someone well versed in this stuff inside .eu
20:21 < luca> agreed; mishi might need to find support
20:21 < Ganneff> i think its not only us, but all the projects too, we at least have to get them to deal with it, i think
20:21 < zobel> tbm: not sure if a legal adivse from a lawayer in the US will help.
20:22 < Hydroxide> yes, it's worth addressing, but we'll need European advice
20:22 < tbm> zobel, Ganneff, agreed. But let's start with Mishi and see if she has European contacts, otherwise we can look for someone
20:22 < zobel> </next>
20:22 < tbm> I have some contacts (potentially)
20:23 < Hydroxide> Ganneff: on your plan to resign: thanks for your time on the board! you've contributed a lot over the years.
20:23 < tbm> Ganneff: thank you for all your work!
20:23 < Ganneff> just not enough time anymore, and sorry i hadnt been around much lately
20:23 < Hydroxide> tbm: I wonder if Noodles might know someone - he completed a law degree in Northern Ireland and focused on topics about data privacy, though he's not himself a practicing lawyer.
20:23 < Ganneff> but i shouldnt block any potential volunteer, so get one with time :)
20:24 < Ganneff> (also, thanks to SPI, without it I wouldnt have my family!)
20:24 < tbm> Hydroxide: Noodles actually just /msged me about this. He can speak up for himself if he wants
20:24 < Hydroxide> ok
20:24 < Noodles> I've been asked to start looking at this for Debian and was planning to write a mail to board@
20:25 < tbm> The board needs to decide whether we want to look for an interim director or wait until the election in July
20:25 < zobel> Ganneff: thank you very much for the very plenty of time you spent on SPI!
20:26 < spectranaut> I'm sure July will come sooner than we expect
20:26 < luca> Noodles: that'd be very helpful
20:26 < luca> Ganneff: thanks
20:26 < Hydroxide> Noodles: thanks! to be clear, I wasn't suggesting to burden you with doing that directly for SPI - if you're oding that for Debian, that's quite a lot already - just asking about potential contacts you might know.
20:26 < spectranaut> we can probably wait, rather than spend twice as much time looking for board members? Would we need the intirim board member to be approved by member vote? :?
20:26 < Hydroxide> s/oding/doing/
20:26 < Hydroxide> spectranaut: agreed
20:27 < Hydroxide> spectranaut: no, interim board members are not approved by member vote
20:27 < Hydroxide> however they have to run at the next board election if they want to stay in office
20:27 < zobel> spectranaut: no, interim can be appointed by board.
20:27 < zobel> and i would suggest we do so.
20:27 < Noodles> To be clear: I am not coming up with the answers for Debian. I'm mostly trying to collate questions and try and get them answered. But I think a good chunk of the questions are common to associated projects.
20:27 < tbm> otoh, March to July is 4 months
20:27 < Hydroxide> one thought: with either 8 or 9 board members. board quorum is 6.
20:28 < Hydroxide> so one fewer board members means one fewer tolerable absence in order to meet quorum
20:28 < Hydroxide> Noodles: gotcha
20:29 < tbm> ok, let's talk about the interim director and let's take the GDPR talk offline.
20:29 < Hydroxide> Noodles: SPI will undoubtedly have some GDPR compliance to handle itself for the data it handles directly, whatever we do or don't have to do for associated projects, but indeed SPI is pretty similar to an associated project for that purpose.
20:29 < Hydroxide> tbm: sure.
20:30 < zobel> tbm: i would suggest we think about a new board member. but first, we should wait for an official mail from Ganneff
20:30 < Ganneff> wiiting it
20:30 < Ganneff> out now
20:31 < tbm> Does Ganneff's resignation change anything for the election in July? I believe he was planning on resigning in July anyway, right?
20:31 < tbm> to fix the staggered board terms
20:31 < Ganneff> i was
20:32 < Ganneff> for that, and for me not wanting to go to the US for the F2F meeting - which is important for the board now
20:32 < Hydroxide> I think we needed another July resignation too, yes, if we wanted to fix things in that way?
20:32 < Hydroxide> one of {spectranaut, me, zobel} - though of course whoever does so could run for another three-year term if desired.
20:33 < luca> Election 2018:
20:33 < luca> - 1 from B.remove(Ledkov): Schultheiss
20:33 < luca> - 2 from C.remove(Tridgell): Jasspert + TBD
20:33 < luca> -s
20:33 < luca> so, yes, need another volunteer from group C
20:33 < luca> C = ( Filipozzi, Jaspert, Kaplowitz, Tridgell, Young, Zobel-Helas )
20:33 < tridge> i'm happy to go up for election again
20:34 < tridge> I may get lucky and not get elected :-)
20:34 < Ganneff> i bet you wont
20:34 < Hydroxide> I would be open to doing that, since my life is at a transitional moment. I would probably run again if things stabilize in a way where I still have time for SPI. otherwise I will aim to get the bylaws done before my term ends.
20:34 < Ganneff> (get lucky)
20:34 < Hydroxide> luca, tridge: I think we want someone who was last elected in 2016 like me, zobel, spectranaut; not a 2017 winner like you
20:34 < Hydroxide> *like tridge
20:34 < Hydroxide> actually luca was also 2016
20:35 < spectranaut> I'm happy to go up for re-election if needed
20:35 < luca> group C are the 2017 people
20:35 < Hydroxide> so basically anyone except schultmc (who is up for election anyway) or the australians
20:35 < tridge> it doesn't strictly matter though does it?
20:35 < Hydroxide> luca: I'm looking at http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2017/2017-12-11/
20:35 < Ganneff> tridge: it makes a 3 3 3 schedule again
20:35 < spectranaut> it seems like we will get volunteers :)
20:35 < Hydroxide> tridge: none of this strictly matters, it's just trying to even out the cycles
20:35 < luca> first to write the email wins
20:35 < Hydroxide> tridge: since currently each election is for a full three-year term.
20:35 < luca> gpg signed
20:35 < Hydroxide> hah
20:35 < luca> i mean, we have standards
20:36 < tbm> Hydroxide is right
20:36 < spectranaut> should we dicuss whether we want to find an interim board member now?
20:36 < spectranaut> and how to do ti?
20:36  * Ganneff thinks: ask for volunteers for an early start, wont hurt and can help a load.
20:37 < tbm> anyway, we have to figure that out by July so there's some time
20:37 < tbm> but we should decide if we want to appoint an interim board member
20:37 < Hydroxide> this staggered board term issue will prospectively go away if the new bylaws get approved, though I still imagine we're unlikely to reach the current bylaws' 2/3 approval threshold.
20:37 < tbm> I don't have strong feelings either way
20:37 < zobel> i would suggest, we do.
20:37 < spectranaut> Should we ask for volunteers from the announce or general list?
20:38 < Hydroxide> that sounds good. it's worth mentioning that we'd like someone who's willing to run for a full three-year term this july, and to visit NYC for the F2F annually around late september.
20:39 < Hydroxide> (we could sponsor visas if they need it; attending a board meeting is a perfectly valid reason for a B1 visa)
20:39 < spectranaut> I can write that email
20:39 < spectranaut> which list should I send it to
20:39 < Ganneff> general
20:39 < spectranaut> and once we get volunteers, how will we decide between them?
20:39 < tbm> the board decides
20:39 < Hydroxide> subjective judgment call :)
20:40 < tbm> there won't be a vote by the members
20:40 < spectranaut> will we decided in the next board meeting or just on the board list?
20:40 < Hydroxide> the members will get their say in july if we pick someone bad.
20:40 < zobel> ok
20:40 < zobel> wfm
20:40 < Hydroxide> spectranaut: it needs a board vote, which either means the monthly meeting or a unanimous email vote of all board members.
20:40 < spectranaut> ok cool
20:41 < tbm> I was appointed interim director a few years ago. The board passed a resolution:
20:41 < tbm> http://spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2014/2014-05-06.jrk.1/
20:41 < tbm> so if there is a suitable candidate, we can pass a resolution in the March meeting
20:41 < spectranaut> great
20:41 < zobel> spectranaut: so you need to run a "run for spi board" campain now :)
20:42 < spectranaut> zobel: want to tweet that we'd like an interim board member volunteer? :)
20:42 < spectranaut> or I can finally figure out how XD
20:42 < tbm> I'd like to talk about IT briefly
20:43 < luca> go for it
20:43 < zobel> spectranaut: see PM
20:43 < tbm> I'm happy to see that Luca will have more time soon :)
20:43 < tbm> I spoke to Noodles at FOSDEM and he might be interested in doing some work
20:43 < tbm> it would be great if Luca could put together a plan
20:43 < luca> great; it needs a team
20:43 < tbm> I also hope that Ganneff can help with the transition if there are any questions
20:43 < luca> after March 1
20:43 < Ganneff> only thing is that VP is head, rest can be whatever (as long as members)
20:43 < Ganneff> ack
20:44 < tbm> luca: can you put together a plan / TODO list for the next meeting?
20:44 < tbm> It's after March 1 :)
20:44 < luca> yes
20:44 < tbm> Ok excellent
20:44 < tbm> Thank you, Luca
20:44 < tbm> (and Ganneff and Noodles and schultmc ...)
20:44 < tbm> Any other business?
20:46 < Ganneff> luca: you got MASTER in #spi chanserv now.
20:46 < Ganneff> (and #spi-admin in case you want to revive that)
20:46 < tbm> Ok, so let's follow up offline (zobel, spectranaut, twitter & looking for candidates; GDPR; Sabrina etc)
20:47 < tbm> #spi access should be documented somewhere
20:47 < Ganneff> its in chanserv :)
20:47 < luca> it's an OFTC thing, so chanserv
20:47 < tbm> yeah, I know, but e.g. who has access and to add it to the checklist
20:47 < tbm> anyway
20:47 < tbm> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:47 < tbm> The next board meeting is scheduled for: March 12th, 2018
20:48 < tbm> Any objections?
20:48 < Ganneff> admin has master, others had chanop on request (historifcally)
20:48 < zobel> wfm
20:48 < Hydroxide> Our scheduled meeting time of 20:00 UTC is one hour later in US and Canadian time zones beginning in March. In April, the local time becomes one hour later in Europe and one hour earlier in parts of Australia (unsure whether this affects tpot and tridge). Is 20:00 UTC still good for everyone? It's tentatively fine for me, though I'll have moved NYC->Montreal so I can't predict my life with certainty.
20:49 < spectranaut> good for me
20:49 < tbm> Ok great
20:49 < tbm> Thanks everyone
20:49 < tbm> and thank you, Ganneff, for everything!
20:49 < tbm> *GAVEL*
