20:02 < schultmc_> *GAVEL*
20:02 < schultmc_> [item 1, Opening]
20:02 < schultmc_> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
20:02 < schultmc_> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-01-08/
20:02 < schultmc_> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:02 < schultmc_> Directors, please state your name
20:02 < schultmc_> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:02 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:02 < schultmc_> Michael Schultheiss
20:02 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helasi
20:02 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
20:03 < zobel> Ganneff: ^
20:03 < zobel> tpot?
20:03 < zobel> tridge: ^
20:03 < zobel> whom do i miss?
20:03 < tridge> good morning
20:03 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
20:03 < tridge> sorry for delay
20:04 < schultmc_> we're still inquorate - no worries
20:04 < zobel> texted Ganneff
20:04 < zobel> any way to reach tpot?
20:05 < tridge> I'll text him, hang on
20:07 < tridge> sent ...
20:07 < Hydroxide> we need both of them with 3 regrets... 4 absences and we're inquorate
20:07 < zobel> we know.
20:07 < Hydroxide> maybe wait 3 more minutes for at least one to show up?
20:07 < schultmc_> fine with me - still cobbling together a meeting script :)
20:08 < zumbi> not sure if I can count, but I would like to join the meeting (msgd spectranaut)
20:09 < zobel> Hydroxide: we really need to new by-laws to avoid situations like this.
20:09 < zobel> the new by-laws.
20:10 < zobel> zumbi:
20:10 < zobel> bg
20:10 < Hydroxide> zobel: I don't think they'll meaningfully fix our ability to operate productively with almost half the board absent.
20:10 < Hydroxide> zobel: but yes, I do intend to keep moving those forward.
20:10 < zobel> when?
20:10 < Hydroxide> late 2017 was very busy for me, but I have time this week to continue the conversation with mishi
20:11 < Hydroxide> aiming to have us vote as a board in february.
20:11 < schultmc_> still inquorate - should we call the meeting?
20:11 -!- zobel [~zobel@zobel.noc.oftc.net] has quit [Quit: Lost terminal]
20:12 -!- leboz [~zobel@zobel.noc.oftc.net] has joined #spi
20:12 < leboz> sorry for that.
20:12 < leboz> my screen hang up
20:12 < schultmc_> still inquorate - should we call the meeting?
20:12 -!- leboz is now known as zobel
20:13 < tridge> yep
20:13 < schultmc_> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:13 < schultmc_> The next board meeting is scheduled for: Monday, February 12th, 2018 at 2000 UTC
20:13 < schultmc_> Any objections?
20:13 < zobel> give it to :15, then give up, i would say.
20:13 < schultmc_> 2018-02-12 is fine with me
20:13 < tridge> ok with me too
20:14 < zobel> looking
20:14 < zobel> yes, wfm.
20:15 < Hydroxide> no current conflict for me either
20:15 < Hydroxide> assuming one doesn't arise, see you then
20:15 < schultmc_> it's past 2015 and we're still inquorate. Thank you for attending.
20:15 < schultmc_> *GAVEL*
