21:00 < Hydroxide> *GAVEL*
21:00 < Hydroxide> Welcome to the September 10, 2018 meeting of the board of directors of Software in the Public Interest, Inc.
21:00 < Hydroxide> Agenda is here: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-09-10/
21:01 < Hydroxide> 2. Roll Call. Board members, please state your name. Guests, please /msg tpot if you wish to be registered.
21:01 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:01 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:01 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:01 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:01 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:01 < tpot> Tim Potter
21:01 < zobel> quorum at least.
21:01 < Hydroxide> that's quorum. does anyone know if we have tridge or spectranaut? I think luca indicated unavailability
21:02 < schultmc> tridge joined about 10 mins ago - not sure if he was active or on auto reconnect
21:02 < Hydroxide> ah, tridge seems to be having trouble speaking. can we finally get rid of +M?
21:02 < rtyler> at least during meetings it might make sense
21:02 -!- mode/#spi [+o schultmc] by ChanServ
21:02 < Hydroxide> yeah.
21:02 -!- mode/#spi [-M] by ChanServ
21:02 -!- mode/#spi [-M] by schultmc
21:02 < Hydroxide> thanks schultmc!
21:03 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
21:03 <@schultmc> I thought we already fixed that
21:03 < Hydroxide> so did I, but the reality was what it was. anyway...
21:03 <@schultmc> we can look into a permanent mode change
21:03 < tridge> sorry, I thought I'd fixed my client to register, obviously not
21:03 < zobel> schultmc: chanserv turns it back on when chanserv restarts.
21:03 <@schultmc> ah
21:03 < Hydroxide> 3. President's report. I added one just before the meeting - it's in the website agenda now
21:03 -!- mode/#spi [-o schultmc] by ChanServ
21:03 < Hydroxide> I'll wait a moment in case there are questions or comments, then proceed if not
21:04 < Hydroxide> 4. Treasurer's report. schultmc?
21:04 < Hydroxide> (we can revisit the president's report later if I moved to fast)
21:04 < schultmc> zobel, tbm and I are working on finalizing our treasurer ledger information and should have the outstanding reports out soon.
21:05 < schultmc> there will be a treasurer sprint prior to the SPI f2f in NYC next month as well
21:05 < zobel> i recently focused on DebConf Travel reimbursements, while schultmc did a lot of other reimbursements the last weeks.
21:05 < Hydroxide> great. so by the end of the October f2f meeting, what month will we have treasurer's reports through? either August or September seems fine given it's in early October.
21:05 < schultmc> zobel has been working on DC18 reimbursements, I've been processing other outstanding requests
21:06 < Hydroxide> thanks to both of you for your work on this!
21:06 < schultmc> should be august - not sure if september data will be available by the f2f
21:06 < Hydroxide> that's fine
21:06 < Hydroxide> 5. Secretary's report - tpot
21:07 < zobel> Hydroxide: my plan is to finish it up to august. key bank gives some statements on 10th of the month for the prior month.... thus not sure we can finish september by the f2f.
21:07 < tpot> Nothing major to report. Valerie did a handoff of passwords, tips and tricks etc.
21:07  * Hydroxide nods at zobel - some modest delay to close out a month is completely normal
21:07 < tpot> tbm helped out with website stuff so i'm good there
21:07 < Hydroxide> tpot: nice, glad you got some guidance!
21:07 < tpot> .
21:08 < Hydroxide> I overlooked this in my president's report, but thanks to tbm for starting an onboarding page for president, currently here: http://spi-inc.org/corporate/onboarding/president/
21:08 < Hydroxide> it's still a small page, but that's how all pages start
21:08 < Hydroxide> 6. Outstanding minutes
21:08 < Hydroxide> tpot again
21:09 < zobel> Hydroxide: also tbm is doing a lot good work on treasury stuff...
21:09 < tpot> Hopefully the voting script will work. I'll run three votes for the meetings for the three previuos meetings.
21:09 < Hydroxide> zobel: great! thanks tbm for that as well :)
21:09 < tpot> Let me know if you are left off the voting roll
21:09 < tpot> Voting started, 9 people (hydroxide,luca,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel ) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11th June 2018. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:09 < zobel> !vote abstain
21:09 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:09 < tbm> !yes
21:09 < Snow-Man> !vote abstain
21:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:09 < tridge> !vote yes
21:09 < tpot> !vote yes
21:09 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:10 < spectranaut> tbm: you might need to try that again
21:10 < tbm> !vote yes
21:10 < Hydroxide> welcome spectranaut :)
21:10 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11th June 2018": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 2 ( zobel   luca )
21:10 < tpot> Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 11th June 2018" closed.
21:10 < zobel> spectranaut: name yourself..... :)
21:10 < schultmc> odd - zobel voted
21:10 < tpot> Voting started, 9 people (hydroxide,luca,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 9th July 2018. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:10 < spectranaut> huh I did during rollcall..?
21:11 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
21:11 < tbm> !vote yes
21:11 < zobel> !vote yes
21:11 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:11 < tridge> !vote yes
21:11 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:11 < tpot> !vote yes
21:11 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:11 < Snow-Man> !vote abstain
21:11 < Hydroxide> spectranaut: ah maybe we had still been +M and maybe your message hadn't made it through
21:12 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 9th July 2018": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( luca )
21:12 < tpot> Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 9th July 2018" closed.
21:12 < tpot> one more for luck
21:12 < tpot> Voting started, 9 people (hydroxide,luca,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday 13th August 2018. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:12 < zobel> !vote yes
21:12 < tbm> I just submitted a cosmetic change for the August minutes (use last name to refer to people for consistency)
21:12 < tbm> !vote yes
21:12 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:12 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:12 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:12 < spectranaut> !vote abstrain
21:12 < spectranaut> !vote abstain
21:12 < tpot> !vote yes
21:12 < tridge> !vote yes
21:13 < tpot> Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 13th August 2018": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 1 ( luca )
21:13 < tpot> Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday 13th August 2018" closed.
21:13 < tpot> Thanks everyone - all three motions have been carried.
21:13 < Hydroxide> thanks tpot
21:13 < Hydroxide> 7. Items up for discussion
21:13 < tbm> hold on
21:13 < Hydroxide> ok
21:13 < tbm> I have a comment regarding these votes
21:14 < tbm> luca shouldn't be counted because he's not attending the meeting
21:14 < tbm> tpot, for the future, you have to list only people who attend the meeting
21:14 < tpot> ah ok
21:14 < Hydroxide> good observation,
21:14 < tbm> so for the minutes just remove the 1 missing
21:14 < tbm> go ahead :)
21:14 < Hydroxide> thanks tbm, good catch
21:14 < tpot> i'll update in the minutes
21:14 < Hydroxide> 7.1. IT plan - luca isn't here today, should we defer until he's available?
21:15 < zobel> i think he wanted feedback until todays meeting.
21:15 < Hydroxide> ok. I think also we discussed via email giving that feedback
21:15 < zobel> to then go ahead with his plan or not.
21:15 < Hydroxide> my personal view is that it's his final decision unless he's proposing something truly weird, but he's not
21:15 < tbm> since the f2f is so soon, I think we should discuss it there
21:16 < Snow-Man> I like the idea of discussing it at the f2f
21:16 < tbm> I think there's consensus that 100% serverless isn't the way to go
21:16 < tbm> but I think we need a f2f on preference towards FOSS
21:16 < tbm> i.e. how strong of a preference we have
21:16 < Hydroxide> and also on percentages of serverless below 100%
21:16 < Hydroxide> ok, deferring to the f2f
21:17 < Hydroxide> 7.2 - Face to face update. We have hosting at Hudson River Trading in New York City October 5-6, a treasury sprint hosted via a different sponsor arranged by Snow-Man on October 4, and bank work the day before that
21:17 < Hydroxide> we've reached out to our lawyer Mishi Choudhary from SFLC to see if she can stop by for some in-person conversation as has happened in the past
21:18 < Snow-Man> Check.  I need to provide names for the hosting on Oct 4- who will be attending that day?
21:18  * schultmc will be there
21:18  * zobel
21:18 < tbm> yes
21:18 < Hydroxide> me too if useful, though I'm less involved in treasury than other SPI activities
21:18 < Snow-Man> I'll include you
21:18 < tbm> I suspect tpot will be there
21:18 < tpot> i'll be there but probably not for the whole day
21:18 < zobel> i think this is schultmc, tbm, Hydroxide, me and maybe tpot
21:18 < Snow-Man> no problem
21:18 < tbm> Snow-Man: I'd just use the full list from https://pad.riseup.net/p/SPI_f2f_agenda_2018-keep
21:18 < Snow-Man> k
21:19 < schultmc> I arrive at NYP at 11:21 on the 3rd - I can pre-open bank accounts at banks that have a joint NYC/IND presence
21:19 < tbm> luca possibly too
21:19 < tbm> depending on what time he'll arrive
21:19 < Snow-Man> ... no names on that riseup ;)
21:19 < tbm> Snow-Man: sorry, https://pad.riseup.net/p/SPI_f2f_logistics_2018-keep
21:19 < zobel> schultmc: lets discuss that after todays meeting.
21:19 < schultmc> ok
21:19 < Hydroxide> ok. Hudson is giving us breakfast and lunch on October 5 since they have an on-site chef. board members with dietary restrictions relevant for those meals, please send me specifics by email for me to pass along
21:19 < Snow-Man> got it, passing on
21:19 < Hydroxide> thanks tbm for sharing the agenda and logistics links for the record
21:20 < Hydroxide> anything else? let's proceed.
21:20 < tbm> Sounds good
21:20 < Hydroxide> 7.3. Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project
21:20 < tbm> actually
21:20 < tbm> sorry :)
21:20 < Hydroxide> tbm: go ahead with whatever it was :)
21:21 < tbm> we'll have dinner on friday and saturday but one will be more official than the other
21:21 < tbm> should we do the "official" one on friday?
21:21 < tbm> I can't remember what we did last year
21:21 < tbm> I think it was on Friday
21:21 < zobel> friday. last year saturday was opera.
21:21 < Hydroxide> I think that makes sense, yes. I had wondered that question but didn't have an opinion or conclusion strong enough to mention here now
21:22 < tbm> yeah, it's a minor thing but since we're all here
21:22 < tbm> ok, friday
21:22 < tbm> So plan to attend dinner on Friday
21:22 < zobel> tbm: i wonder if we want to ask local FOSS people again to join?
21:22 < tbm> Saturday is open but we'll meet for dinner for those who want
21:22 < tbm> maybe for Saturday rather than Friday?
21:22  * schultmc would prefer a new restaurant but has no strong preference
21:22 < zobel> tbm: sure....
21:22 < zobel> schultmc: ACK!
21:22 < Hydroxide> agreed
21:22 < Hydroxide> move to outside meeting for this topic?
21:23 < tbm> zobel: we're far away from the other restaurant anyway
21:23 < Hydroxide> 7.3. Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project - tbm proposed several of these which we approved last meeting, and here's one more. tbm, anything further to say?
21:23 < tbm> this one is actually slightly different
21:24 < tbm> the other projects were inactive/defunct
21:24 < zobel> Hydroxide, tpot: i wonder we do not have the stepdown of spectranaut and re-appointment of xnox on todays agenda...
21:24 < tbm> this one morphed into a new organization and for the new organization it doesn't make sense to affiliate with SPI
21:24 < tbm> so we'll drop the old project
21:24 < Hydroxide> zobel: I acknowledged spectranaut's stepdown in my president's report, and xnox hasn't actually accepted my offer of the interim director role
21:24 < schultmc> there's some history behind that split but it's not germaine to the meeting
21:25 < xnox> Dimitri John Ledkov
21:25 < xnox> Hydroxide, i could accept today.
21:25 < Hydroxide> xnox: ok, we'll proceed with an Any Other Business item at the end then
21:25 < zobel> tbm: give me a second before we vote on that.
21:26 < Hydroxide> tbm, schultmc: thanks for the context. any other questions or comments from board members before we vote on the HeliOS removal?
21:26 < zobel> i would just like to check donations for helios.
21:26 < Hydroxide> ok. the resolution says we have no assets for them, but you can probably check authoritatively very easily :)
21:26 < schultmc> aiui they have a zero balance but we can verify
21:26 < tbm> zobel: the remaining funds should have been used up by the last reimbursement
21:27 < zobel> tbm: yes, that looks good. sorry for checking this late.
21:27 < zobel> go ahead then.
21:27 < tpot> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1 - Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:27 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:27 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:27 < tridge> !vote yes
21:27 < zobel> !vote yes
21:27 < tpot> !vote yes
21:27 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:27 < tbm> !vote yes
21:28 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:28 < tpot> Current voting results for "Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1 - Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:28 < tpot> Voting for "Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1 - Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project" closed.
21:29 < zobel> .
21:29 < Hydroxide> thanks.
21:29 < Hydroxide> 7.4. Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1: systemd as associated project
21:29 < Hydroxide> before we vote on systemd I should note a few things
21:30 < Hydroxide> first, a member expressed a concern about this, which I'd summarize as concern over the impact of systemd on the future of traditional POSIX/UNIX/Linux norms in free software. I offered an opportunity for him to provide a summary of his concerns for public consumption, but I haven't received one
21:31 < Hydroxide> most other members who commented, including directors and non-directors, did not think it was SPI's place to take a position on that kind of question
21:31 < Hydroxide> especially given that systemd has been widely adopted including by 2-3 SPI associated projects.
21:31 < Hydroxide> I also want to acknowledge that lennart and zbyszek are here today from the systemd project
21:32 < zobel> lennart, zbyszek: welcome
21:32 < Hydroxide> if anyone has comments or questions before we vote, including them, feel free
21:32  * zbyszek waves
21:32 < tbm> I think the question of how much SPI should be involved in the governance of projects is a very valid question
21:32 < lennart> heya
21:32  * Snow-Man waves back :)
21:32 < tbm> traditionally we've been very hands off
21:33 < zobel> this resolution had a bit of chatter on the mailing lists but IMHO we should be okay to vote on this.
21:33 < tbm> I already put something on the agenda for the f2f about this
21:33 < rtyler> my opinion doesn't matter, but it seems reasonable to me to bring systemd under SPI
21:33 < tpot> any more comments before I start the vote script?
21:33 < Hydroxide> yes, I did not want to rehash the mailing list thread, but I did want to acknowledge the concerns briefly here since the thread was on spi-private and this is a public record.
21:33 < Snow-Man> Seems like something we are good to vote on, imv.
21:33 < tpot> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1 - systemd as associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:33 < Hydroxide> I also agree that governance discussions should be among the f2f topic, though I think that's a more general question than systemd.
21:33 < zobel> rtyler: any opinion matters, even though you are not a board member any more...
21:33 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:33 < tpot> !vote yes
21:33 < tridge> !vote yes
21:33 < tbm> !vote yes
21:33 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:33 < zobel> !vote yes
21:33 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:34 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:34 < tpot> Current voting results for "Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1 - systemd as associated project": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:34 < Snow-Man> Hydroxide: agreed that it's a more general discussion. :)
21:34 < tpot> Voting for "Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1 - systemd as associated project" closed.
21:34 < Hydroxide> lennart, zbyszek: congrats! as per that resolution, SPI invites systemd to join as an associated project.
21:34 < zobel> lennart, zbyszek: you can accept now during the meeting. or mail later.
21:34 < Hydroxide> lennart: do you accept on behalf of systemd?
21:35 < lennart> thanks for having us!
21:35 < lennart> yes, of course i do!
21:35 < zobel> tpot: please note that lennart accepted.
21:35 < Snow-Man> wheee...  things are moving fast in spi world today. ;)
21:35 < Hydroxide> lennart: great, thanks! it's official then :) welcome. we can do other follow-up outside the meeting, whether via IRC or via email.
21:36 < Hydroxide> 7.5 - Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1: Establishing additional SPI bank accounts
21:36 < Hydroxide> zobel?
21:36 < lennart> zbyszek: maybe you should accept too, just in case!
21:36 < zobel> goal of this resolution is to open bank accounts with banks that have branches in NYC.
21:37 < zobel> we will do that during the f2f or a few days before (to be discussed with schultmc and me after the meeting)
21:37 < zbyszek> I accept too just in case (although I don't think I have any voice in this).
21:37 < Hydroxide> lennart: you were the only person named in the resolution, so your acceptance is enough - but zbyszek was certainly very helpful in getting us to this point, so thanks to him as well.
21:37 -!- schultmc1 [~schultmc_@sapphire.amellus.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
21:37 < zobel> we need this resolution to be accepted to be able to open bank accounts, the banks need a vote from board before we do that.
21:38 < zobel> current idea from schultmc is to open accounts with TD and Bank of America.
21:38 < zobel> i would like to discuss with schultmc after the meeting if we also want to speak to HSBC.
21:38 < Hydroxide> thanks. this resolution is neutral on which banks we pick, right? (those two are among the sensible choices)
21:39 < zobel> Hydroxide: that is why i worded the resolution neutral.
21:39 < tbm> zobel: I don't think we should open too many accounts.  But we can talk about that off line
21:39 < tbm> yep
21:39 < schultmc> I was thinking PNC and Bank of America but I don't have a strong preference
21:39 < zobel> oh, sorry. my fault.
21:39 < schultmc> PNC has an indianapolis presence, bank of america is entering the market
21:39 < Hydroxide> TD and HSBC are convenient for me up in Canada :) but yeah we'll discuss separately. anything else before we vote?
21:40 < tpot> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:40 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:40 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:40 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:40 < zobel> not from me, unless someone has questions
21:40 < tridge> !vote yes
21:40 < tbm> !vote yes
21:40 < zobel> tpot does not gives time to ask questions...
21:40 < zobel> !vote yes
21:40 < tpot> !vote yes
21:41 < tpot> oh sorry - not sure how long to wait before doing things
21:41 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:41 < tpot> Current voting results for "Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:41 < Hydroxide> yeah I don't really know either. the meeting is already nearing the end of the hour, there are only so many ways to pace things and not take forever. but valid concern, I agree.
21:41 < tpot> Current voting results for "Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:41 < tpot> Voting for "Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts" closed.
21:42 < Hydroxide> everyone seems to have voted yes instead of asking further questions first, so moving on this time
21:42 < zobel> tpot: we need to meeting minutes for today ready before Oct 2nd. the earlier the better....
21:42 < spectranaut> yeah I always guessed when to start the vote, sometimes people suggested it, sometimes I guess :)
21:42 < Hydroxide> 8. Any other business
21:42 < spectranaut> my topic -- nice working with all of you!
21:42  * Snow-Man is used to having the President call for votes and be seconded and such. :)
21:42 < Hydroxide> yes. zobel is right that my mention of this in the president's report was easy to overlook, so... thanks so much spectranaut for your time on the board and as secretary!
21:43 < Snow-Man> spectranaut: thanks for all of your hard work moving SPI forward!
21:43 < Hydroxide> Snow-Man: we've rarely done the explicit seconding thing, but yeah that can be clearer. sometimes one or more people do call for votes though.
21:43 < spectranaut> if you have any questions, I should be reachable by irc during EST work hours
21:43 < schultmc> spectranaut: good luck in your future endeavors. Sorry to see you go!
21:44 < zobel> spectranaut: maybe you will join us for MET next year sometimes..... :)
21:44 < Hydroxide> Timing note: spectranaut remains a board member through the end of today (her email left the time zone unspecified). tomorrow the board goes down to 8 of the current 9, which brings us to the next item:
21:44 < zobel> spectranaut: and hopefully we see each other at different places.
21:44 < zobel> +too
21:45 < spectranaut> me too! I hope I have more time for debian in the future
21:45 < xnox> yeah, MET was fun =)
21:45 < Hydroxide> we called for interim directors to express their interest to join the board by appointment through the 2019 board election. xnox responded and we offered this role to him. it still needs a board vote officially, but that would follow an informal acceptance in our normal practices
21:45 < Hydroxide> xnox: do you want to accept?
21:45 < xnox> yeap
21:45 < Hydroxide> spectranaut: it would be great to have you back in the debian or SPI communities, and to see you in montreal if you visit here :)
21:45  * rtyler claps
21:46 < Hydroxide> great, thanks xnox. board, do we want to vote on this now?
21:46 < Snow-Man> sure
21:46 < zobel> yes
21:46 < Hydroxide> what we'd be voting on is "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11, 2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections."
21:46 < Hydroxide> tpot: go ahead whenever you're ready.
21:46 < tpot> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:46 < zobel> nope
21:46 < tpot> oops - cut*paste
21:46 < Snow-Man> haha
21:46 < zobel> wrong vote.
21:46 < tpot> Current voting results for "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts": Yes: 0, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 8 ( snow-man  spectranaut  zobel  tpot  schultmc  tridge  tbm  hydroxide )
21:47 < tpot> Voting for "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1 - Establishing additional SPI bank accounts" closed.
21:47 < xnox> hahahhaha
21:47 < tridge> !vote yes
21:47 < Snow-Man> hehehe
21:47 < zobel> nope. wrong resolution
21:47 < tridge> :)
21:47 < tpot> Voting started, 8 people (hydroxide,tpot,schultmc,snow-man,tbm,tridge,spectranaut,zobel) allowed to vote on Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,v2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:47 < tbm> are we going to write this up as a formal resolution?
21:47 < tridge> !vote yes
21:47 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:47 < zobel> !vote yes
21:47 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:48 < tbm> !vote yes
21:48 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:48 < Hydroxide> tbm: the thing that I feel is required is a formal board vote. we usually do that with a numbered resolution but this wouldn't be the first time otherwise
21:48 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:48 < tpot> tbm: are you happy?
21:48 < tpot> !vote yes
21:48 < Hydroxide> tbm: I would be okay if someone wants to put a formal board resolution together for a future meeting acknowledging for the purpose of the series of resolutions that this happened today.
21:48 < Hydroxide> I don't feel that's required but I also don't mind at all
21:48 < tbm> Ok
21:48 < Hydroxide> it will be in the minutes and we did vote.
21:49 < tpot> Current voting results for "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,v2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:49 < tpot> Current voting results for "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,v2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:49 < tpot> Voting for "Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11,v2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections" closed.
21:49 < zobel> xnox: welcome back.
21:49 < spectranaut> xnox: welcome back! altho we are ships passing in the night...
21:49 < Snow-Man> xnox: thanks for helping! :)
21:49 < tpot> wb xnox
21:49 < Hydroxide> thanks and welcome back xnox :)
21:49 < xnox> spectranaut, hahahha. that's cute =) thanks a lot.
21:49 < xnox> spectranaut, do keep in touch, where you are off to next ;-)
21:50 < Hydroxide> and rtyler we'd certainly consider you for future interim vacancies or as a credible future election candidate as well. thanks once more for your past service.
21:50 < Hydroxide> any other business before we wrap up?
21:50 < rtyler> no probs
21:50 < zobel> rtyler: and i encourage you to run again for a board position!
21:51 < zobel> Hydroxide: i have one more AoB
21:51 < Hydroxide> zobel: go ahead
21:51 < zobel> i would like to ask to change todays agenda to adjourn the next meeting to Oct 4th....
21:52 < tbm> Actually
21:52 < Hydroxide> I think we rarely adjust the agenda text when we change the subequent meeting time as the last item... the change gets noted in the minutes and the official notices
21:52 < Hydroxide> but I don't feel strongly. go ahead tbm?
21:53 < tbm> usallay we skip the IRC meeting of the month where we meet in person
21:53 < Hydroxide> yeah, was going to mention all this as the final agenda item
21:53 < Hydroxide> but okay, we're doing it now :)
21:54 < Hydroxide> so, agenda item 8.3 or 9 - no IRC meeting in October, the October meeting will be in person according to the schedule I noted in earlier agenda item 7.2 (Face-to-face meeting update)
21:54 < zobel> but tridge and xnox are not at the f2f. we meet quorum though.
21:54 < zobel> just saying.
21:55 < Snow-Man> Would they possibly be able to attend remotely?
21:55 < Hydroxide> yes. they are welcome to participate remotely to the extent feasible, including via email, commenting on the riseup agenda, and maybe some selective remote video or voice participation.
21:55 < Snow-Man> wfm
21:55 < schultmc> we did in person and remote via IRC at dc7 iirc
21:55 < tridge> I could if the tz works, but I have done this with f2f meetings before, and it doesn't tend to work well
21:55 < xnox> i do have volleyball tournament that weekend.
21:55 < xnox> so my availability will be limited
21:56 < tridge> but if I'm needed for quorum then of course I'm happy to attend
21:56 < tridge> or we could use a voice call, I've done that with mumble at a f2f before
21:56 < Hydroxide> it's not needed for quorum
21:56 < Hydroxide> so it can happen as your interests and availability permit
21:56 < tridge> I sent a desktop mic along with a friend who was going
21:56 < zobel> do a short IRC like meeting during friday afternoon NYC TZ then?
21:57 < zobel> to give tridge and xnox the possibility to talk?
21:57 < Hydroxide> yeah something like that can happen, good idea
21:57 < Hydroxide> other comments on this topic?
21:57 < zobel> tridge: or mumble, yes
21:58 < Hydroxide> okay. next meeting in NYC October 5-6 (with related work October 3-4), a bit of which will be electronic somehow to include tridge and xnox. We return to IRC as normal in November. Thanks all!
21:58 < Hydroxide> *GAVEL*
21:59 < Hydroxide> lennart, zbyszek, xnox: welcome once again!
