21:00 < tbm> *GAVEL*
21:00 < tbm> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < tbm> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
21:00 < tbm> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-05-14/
21:00 < tbm> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < tbm> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < tbm> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to spectranaut if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:00 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 < spectranaut> Valerie Young
21:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
21:00 < tpot> Tim Potter
21:00 < tridge> Andrew Tridgell
21:00 < rtyler> R Tyler Croy
21:00 < tbm> We received regrets from Luca
21:00 < tbm> [item 3, President's Report]
21:00 < zobel> so we are complete.
21:00 < tbm> I'll copy it here from the agenda:
21:00 < tbm> Generally, I'm happy with the progress over the last few weeks.  The
21:00 < tbm> by-laws are getting very close now, we've been in contact with existing
21:01 < tbm> and potential projects and the activity of the board has been good.
21:01 < tbm>
21:01 < tbm> However, I'm disappointed that despite all the efforts we still haven't
21:01 < tbm> managed to close the books for 2017 and get treasurer reports done.
21:01 < tbm> This has to be the key priority for the coming weeks.
21:01 < tbm>
21:01 < tbm> (we'll talk about this during the Treasurer's Report)
21:01 < tbm> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:01 < spectranaut> out of order? nothing to report, however
21:01 < tbm> ah, sorry
21:02 < tbm> I mentioend to spectranaut the othe day that the July elections are coming up.  Normally we send
21:02 < tbm> out an announcement with the timeline in the middle of June
21:02 < tbm> ok, back to order :)
21:02 < tbm> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:03 < tbm> schultmc? zobel?
21:03 < schultmc> zobel and I have been working on closing out 2017 and dealing with outstanding reports. I'm going through outstanding tickets and resolving things as soon as possible.
21:03 < zobel> i asked for help with the treasurer-ar queue, but we did not manage to find a common timeslot
21:04 < schultmc> I have some time this week - I'll go through the -ap and -ar queues
21:04 < tbm> maybe you can find time this week
21:04 < zobel> beside that, very much private/family stuff in the last weeks, thus not the progress i hoped to achive the last weeks.
21:04 < tbm> I'm happy with all the progress but we really need to get 2017 done soon as it's overdue
21:04 < zobel> schultmc, tbm: i want to learn the -ar queue work to, so please teach me.
21:04 < zobel> s/to/too/
21:04 < tbm> I started reviewing some transactions this weekend
21:04 < schultmc> will do
21:05 < tbm> zobel: maybe you can start adding 2018 transactions in the meantime
21:05 < tbm> as this would allow us to answer X.Org and Debian regarding sponsorship payments which are outstanding
21:05 < zobel> i started already on my laptop.
21:05 < tbm> great!
21:05 < tbm> thanks
21:05 < tbm> ok, hopefully schultmc and zobel can sync up.  I don't think there's much to talk about
21:05 < tbm> we just need to get it done
21:06 -!- linuxhiker [~jd@2600:100f:b005:9dff:4d32:596e:30a0:6f4] has joined #spi
21:06 < tbm> one thing.  I pointed out to schultmc that Nils Lohner (president many many years ago) is still listed on some IRS communication
21:06 < tbm> He'll look into updating it
21:06 < tbm> any other questions or should we move on?
21:06 < rtyler> huh
21:06 < Hydroxide> yeah, there's a form to file to update that, I presume.
21:07 < tbm> yeah, probably.
21:07 < tbm> at least they have our current address
21:07 < Hydroxide> indeed
21:07 < schultmc> https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8822b.pdf - Change of Address or Responsible Party -- Business
21:07  * schultmc will get that filed
21:07 < Hydroxide> great
21:08 < tbm> thanks again schultmc and zobel for all your work and tpot and tridge for the PayPal scripts
21:08 < tbm> I tried to ask xnox if he managed to have a look at the 2017 but haven't heard yet
21:08 < tbm> schultmc: ok, we should probably add this form to some todo list for our annual officer election
21:08 < tbm> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:08 < tbm> The minutes for 9th April 2018 require approval.
21:08 < tbm> They can be found at http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2018/2018-04-09/
21:09 < spectranaut> Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 9th April 2018 - vote yes/no/abstain: tbm rtyler zobel schultmc Hydroxide spectranaut tpot tridge
21:09 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
21:09 < rtyler> !vote yes
21:09 < tbm> !vote yes
21:09 < spectranaut> !vote yes
21:09 < tridge> !vote yes
21:09 < tpot> !vote abstain (was absent)
21:09 < zobel> !vote yes
21:10 < spectranaut> schultmc: ?
21:10 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:10 < spectranaut> Vote passes, meeting minutes approved!
21:10 < tbm> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:10 < tbm> [item 7.1, IT plan]
21:10 < tbm> Luca unfortuntely couldn't make the meeting due to a conflict.
21:10 < tbm> I know he's been active on the IT front (thanks!) but I haven't seen a list of services
21:10 < tbm> Hopefully he can email the board so we can make some progress on this
21:11 < tbm> (let's keep this on the agenda for next month)
21:11 < spectranaut> noted ^
21:11 < tbm> [item 7.2, DebConf BOF]
21:11 < tbm> I won't attend DebConf this year so I didn't submit a BOF
21:11 < tbm> I asked zobel if he wants to submit one
21:11 < tbm> who is going to attend this year?
21:11 < zobel> i did.
21:11 < tbm> Ah great, thanks
21:11 < spectranaut> I'm not going to make it :/
21:12 < tbm> Hydroxide?
21:12 < Hydroxide> I'm registered though a higher chance than usual of having to cancel
21:12  * schultmc won't be able to make it
21:12 < rtyler> I won't be there
21:12 < schultmc> it would've been awesome to spend my birthday in .tw but unable to work it out this time
21:13 < rtyler> heh
21:13 < tbm> Ok. I'm sure zobel will do a fantastic job at representing us. And he has stickers ;)
21:13 < Hydroxide> it'll be my birthday too - happy birthday sibling schultmc  :)
21:13 < tbm> I'd also like to get more engaged with other projects, e.g. to have regular conversions
21:13 < tbm> but we're not quite there yet
21:13 < zobel> yeah, i hope stickers arrived for everyone...
21:13 < tridge> yep! thanks
21:13 < tbm> mine did. They look very nice!
21:13 < spectranaut> yup! on my laptop :)
21:13 < Hydroxide> mine did - I now have the rare artifact of legitimate mail sent to Canada from Germany with a US return address :D also the stickers of course
21:14 < tbm> [item 8, Any other business]
21:14 < tbm> anything else?
21:14 < Hydroxide> A quick status summary for the bylaws work: I think the new bylaw wording is ready for a member vote. Just before this meeting I emailed the board, and also two members previously vocal on this topic, the current draft for your/their feedback before broad circulation on -general.
21:14 < Hydroxide> Next steps are outlined more fully in that email, but I now anticipate a board vote in June or July, then a member vote after a post-election inactive member cleanup.
21:14 < Hydroxide> Thanks for bearing with me and Mishi as this process has proceeded! </done>
21:14 < tbm> thank you so much!
21:14 < tpot> oh yeah thanks for the stickers! they do look good
21:15 < tbm> The big challenge will be to reach quorum but I'm glad we'll soon be at a point where we can at least try...
21:15 < Hydroxide> agreed that's the challenge.
21:15 < Hydroxide> and if we fail simply due to that issue, without any actual controversy, we can retry in the future with the same draft
21:15 < Hydroxide> (as opposed to having further member concerns to address)
21:16 < rtyler> I just got that email and haven't had a chance to really read it
21:16 < rtyler> I suppose further questions and discussion wijll be on the thread on board@?
21:16 < Hydroxide> rtyler: that's fine, I sent it so recently that I didn't expect anyone to have read it yet
21:16 < tbm> rtyler: oh yeah, some fresh eyes.  There was a lot of discussion on spi-general previously
21:16 < rtyler> wunderbar
21:17 < tbm> anything else?
21:17 < Hydroxide> discussing on that thread would be good, yes. we've done several rounds of getting the members on board and have gone through legal review, but it's always possible some major concern remains.
21:17 < rtyler> I'm still in the early 2000s on my resolution reading, so I'll add this to the stack
21:17 < rtyler> WHEREAS, rtyler wishes he had more free time
21:17 < tbm> :)
21:17 < Hydroxide> hopefully none do :) the link to past discussion in my email should give you a rabbit hole of links with more historical context
21:17 < Hydroxide> haha :)
21:18 < tbm> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:18 < tbm> The next board meeting is scheduled for: June 11th, 2018
21:18 < tbm> Any objections?
21:18 < rtyler> none from me, I'll be there :)
21:18 < schultmc> none from me
21:18 < tbm> Ok, thank you everyone
21:18 < tbm> *GAVEL*
