[2018-08-14T06:00:37+1000] <zobel> no meeting in time?
[2018-08-14T06:00:39+1000] <Hydroxide> hi ... luca, can you start the meeting as VP? tbm senr last minute regrets
[2018-08-14T06:01:04+1000] <Hydroxide> zobel: it should start now-ish. you didn't miss it
[2018-08-14T06:01:52+1000] <luca> k
[2018-08-14T06:01:57+1000] <luca> let me find that script
[2018-08-14T06:02:25+1000] <Snow-Man> hm.
[2018-08-14T06:02:47+1000] <Snow-Man> am I missing something? :)
[2018-08-14T06:03:04+1000] <zobel> Snow-Man: no. just the meeting that will happen NOW.
[2018-08-14T06:03:11+1000] <Snow-Man> I'm ready for it..
[2018-08-14T06:03:15+1000] <Snow-Man> what do I need to do? :)
[2018-08-14T06:03:21+1000] <luca> i can't find stupic script
[2018-08-14T06:03:25+1000] <luca> so, *gavel*
[2018-08-14T06:03:29+1000] <Hydroxide> Snow-Man: usually the president starts the meeting at :00. he gave last minute notice of absence so the VP is prepping. hold tight
[2018-08-14T06:03:32+1000] <luca> board members present state your names
[2018-08-14T06:03:35+1000] <luca> Luca Filipozzi
[2018-08-14T06:03:39+1000] <Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
[2018-08-14T06:03:43+1000] <Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
[2018-08-14T06:03:44+1000] <Snow-Man> (I assume I should do that?)
[2018-08-14T06:03:45+1000] <zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
[2018-08-14T06:03:51+1000] <luca> guests, please DM spectranaut to let her know you're observing
[2018-08-14T06:03:52+1000] <schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
[2018-08-14T06:03:58+1000] <schultmc> sorry - just got out of another meeting
[2018-08-14T06:04:04+1000] • Hydroxide: nods at Snow-Man 
[2018-08-14T06:04:11+1000] tridge (~tridge@fjall.tridgell.net) left IRC
[2018-08-14T06:04:15+1000] <luca> we have 5 of 9; one regret
[2018-08-14T06:04:21+1000] <zobel> two IIRC
[2018-08-14T06:04:27+1000] tridge (~tridge@fjall.tridgell.net) joined the channel
[2018-08-14T06:04:37+1000] <schultmc> zobel: cancelled duplicate transaction
[2018-08-14T06:04:42+1000] <zobel> Val and tbm
[2018-08-14T06:04:46+1000] <zobel> schultmc: thx.
[2018-08-14T06:04:57+1000] <luca> guests should DM me, in that case
[2018-08-14T06:04:59+1000] <zobel> i will continue the DC18 transactions after the meeting then.
[2018-08-14T06:05:04+1000] <Hydroxide> tridge: if you're here, please state your name - meeting roll call happening now.
[2018-08-14T06:05:27+1000] <zobel> tpot: ^ Meeting
[2018-08-14T06:05:49+1000] <Hydroxide> tridge can't send to channel
[2018-08-14T06:05:57+1000] <Hydroxide> we may need to reduce the restrictive permissions which got put in place due to spam
[2018-08-14T06:06:01+1000] <luca> tridge is here but can't send to channel
[2018-08-14T06:06:11+1000] zobel sets mode -M
[2018-08-14T06:06:11+1000] ChanServ sets mode +M
[2018-08-14T06:06:15+1000] <zobel> tridge: try again
[2018-08-14T06:06:20+1000] <zobel> bad chanserv
[2018-08-14T06:06:25+1000] <Snow-Man> it's gonna do that...
[2018-08-14T06:07:05+1000] <luca> so, with tridge we have 6 present, 2 regrets of 9
[2018-08-14T06:07:10+1000] <luca> leaving tpot 
[2018-08-14T06:07:17+1000] <luca> do we have quorum to proceed?
[2018-08-14T06:07:29+1000] <Hydroxide> 6 is quorum. tridge just agreed to sms tpot
[2018-08-14T06:07:35+1000] <luca> k
[2018-08-14T06:07:47+1000] <luca> we will wait a few more minutes
[2018-08-14T06:08:00+1000] <luca> tpot also not able to send to channel
[2018-08-14T06:08:09+1000] <luca> zobel: can we fix this?
[2018-08-14T06:08:10+1000] <Hydroxide> luca, schultmc: can one of you voice tridge and tpot in case that fixes their access well enough for the meeting? you're both master, ganneff and tbm are the others on the chanserv list
[2018-08-14T06:08:43+1000] <zobel> i already try
[2018-08-14T06:08:49+1000] <zobel> give me two minutes.
[2018-08-14T06:09:05+1000] <Hydroxide> "please stand by, technical issues" :D
[2018-08-14T06:09:15+1000] ChanServ sets mode +o schultmc
[2018-08-14T06:09:37+1000] ChanServ sets mode +v tpot
[2018-08-14T06:09:40+1000] <+tpot> yay
[2018-08-14T06:09:45+1000] ChanServ sets mode +v tridge
[2018-08-14T06:09:48+1000] <luca> okay, done
[2018-08-14T06:09:49+1000] <+tridge> testing ....
[2018-08-14T06:09:51+1000] <+tridge> yay!
[2018-08-14T06:09:55+1000] <Hydroxide> woo. we can proceed and sort out the rest later
[2018-08-14T06:10:06+1000] <zobel> can someone please remove mode M?
[2018-08-14T06:10:07+1000] <luca> President's Report - tbm away
[2018-08-14T06:10:34+1000] <Hydroxide> ---> for reference, agenda is here http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2018/2018-08-13/
[2018-08-14T06:10:43+1000] ChanServ sets mode -o schultmc
[2018-08-14T06:11:36+1000] <luca> i don't know how to -M
[2018-08-14T06:11:40+1000] <luca> is it needed to proceed?
[2018-08-14T06:11:42+1000] <Snow-Man> has to be done through chanserv..
[2018-08-14T06:11:44+1000] <Hydroxide> no, we'll fix later
[2018-08-14T06:11:48+1000] <luca> k
[2018-08-14T06:11:49+1000] <Snow-Man> or chanserv will just set it back
[2018-08-14T06:11:59+1000] <luca> no President's Report
[2018-08-14T06:12:08+1000] ChanServ sets mode -M
[2018-08-14T06:12:09+1000] <luca> Treasurer's Report please
[2018-08-14T06:12:32+1000] <zobel> i have published final reports for 2017 via website
[2018-08-14T06:12:45+1000] <schultmc> zobel and I are working through outstanding reimbursements and should have the june and july treasurer's reports out soon.
[2018-08-14T06:12:49+1000] <zobel> and tbm added all the data we provided to the anual report.
[2018-08-14T06:12:59+1000] <schultmc> DC18 reimbursements are in progress
[2018-08-14T06:13:42+1000] <zobel> .
[2018-08-14T06:13:44+1000] ChanServ sets mode +o schultmc
[2018-08-14T06:13:46+1000] <luca> thanks.
[2018-08-14T06:13:51+1000] schultmc sets mode -M
[2018-08-14T06:13:55+1000] <luca> no Secretary's Report
[2018-08-14T06:14:01+1000] ChanServ sets mode -o schultmc
[2018-08-14T06:14:10+1000] <luca> since spectranaut away
[2018-08-14T06:14:27+1000] <luca> but i will take a momemnt to highlight two or three things
[2018-08-14T06:14:44+1000] <luca> (1) an election was conducted and three vacancies were filled
[2018-08-14T06:15:09+1000] <luca> (2) a membership ping was undertaken in preparation for the bylaw vote
[2018-08-14T06:15:42+1000] <luca> (3) people unaware of the vote (since announced on mailing list) who were pinged expressed unhappiness with lack of vote notification
<possible text missing from transcript>
[2018-08-14T06:16:25+1000] <luca> i think we agree to modify the vote system to send direct notification
[2018-08-14T06:16:37+1000] <luca> i don't think we know whether we are doing this before the bylaw vote
[2018-08-14T06:16:47+1000] <luca> so this needs adding to any other business
[2018-08-14T06:16:49+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:16:57+1000] <luca> Outstanding Minutes
[2018-08-14T06:17:18+1000] <luca> I don't know who is eligible / ineligible for the vote on previous minutes
[2018-08-14T06:17:28+1000] <luca> so i'm going to defer that for the next Secretary :)
[2018-08-14T06:17:30+1000] <Snow-Man> I was planing to abstain as I wasn't there
[2018-08-14T06:17:41+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:17:43+1000] <Snow-Man> (which is typical in other NPOs I work with)
[2018-08-14T06:17:49+1000] <luca> Appointmnet of Board Officers
[2018-08-14T06:18:02+1000] <luca> (typo intended?)
[2018-08-14T06:18:09+1000] <Snow-Man> (no :)
[2018-08-14T06:18:22+1000] <luca> we have four positions: President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary
[2018-08-14T06:18:30+1000] Mode is +ns
[2018-08-14T06:18:43+1000] <luca> who are the nominees for Secretary, please
[2018-08-14T06:18:47+1000] <+tpot> Tim Potter
[2018-08-14T06:19:01+1000] <luca> any others?
[2018-08-14T06:19:10+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:19:19+1000] <luca> any opposed to Tim Potter as Secretary?
[2018-08-14T06:19:21+1000] <Snow-Man> (not for this, but are we able/expected to nominate at this time even if we haven't previously?)
[2018-08-14T06:19:41+1000] <luca> ideally should be in advance but there is no written rule
[2018-08-14T06:19:44+1000] <Hydroxide> Snow-Man: it's allowed
[2018-08-14T06:19:46+1000] <Snow-Man> k
[2018-08-14T06:19:52+1000] <luca> last chance to be opposed to Tim Potter
[2018-08-14T06:20:05+1000] <luca> congratulations Tim Potter as Secretary
[2018-08-14T06:20:08+1000] <+tpot> yay
[2018-08-14T06:20:09+1000] <Snow-Man> \o/
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man has userhost ~sfrost@tamriel.snowman.net and real name “sfrost”
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man is in #spi
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man is connected on graviton.oftc.net (Vancouver, BC, Canada)
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man user has identified and verified with services
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man actually using host 2001:470:e38f::11
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man is connected via SSL (secure link)
[2018-08-14T06:20:20+1000] Snow-Man signed on at 11 August 2018 at 8:18:53 am AEST and has been idle for 12 seconds
[2018-08-14T06:20:24+1000] <luca> who are the nominees for Treasurer?
[2018-08-14T06:20:41+1000] • schultmc: nominated himself for Treasurer for one more term
[2018-08-14T06:20:47+1000] <zobel> i will only run as treasurer assistant, ast last year.
[2018-08-14T06:20:58+1000] <zobel> which is not an official position.
[2018-08-14T06:21:00+1000] <luca> any others?
[2018-08-14T06:21:08+1000] <schultmc> ideally !schultmc can take over in 2019 :)
[2018-08-14T06:21:21+1000] <zobel> schultmc: agreed.
[2018-08-14T06:21:23+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:21:49+1000] <luca> any opposed to Michael Schultheiss as Treasurer?
[2018-08-14T06:22:05+1000] <luca> last chance to be opposed to Michael Schultheiss
[2018-08-14T06:22:08+1000] <Snow-Man> (I'd like to help out w/ that too, if possible, as a side-note)
[2018-08-14T06:22:23+1000] <schultmc> +1
[2018-08-14T06:22:27+1000] <zobel> Snow-Man: we can work on that the next weeks.
[2018-08-14T06:22:32+1000] <luca> congratulations to Michael Schultheiss as Treasurer
[2018-08-14T06:22:33+1000] <Snow-Man> fantastic.
[2018-08-14T06:22:34+1000] <schultmc> additional assistance is always appreciated
[2018-08-14T06:22:51+1000] <luca> who are the nominees for Vice President?
[2018-08-14T06:22:51+1000] <luca> Luca Filipozzi
[2018-08-14T06:22:53+1000] <luca> any others?
[2018-08-14T06:23:15+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:23:25+1000] <luca> any opposed to Luca Filipozzi as Vice President?
[2018-08-14T06:24:00+1000] <luca> congratulations Luca Filipozzi as Vice President
[2018-08-14T06:24:06+1000] <Snow-Man> \o/ congrats
[2018-08-14T06:24:13+1000] <luca> who are the nominees for President?
[2018-08-14T06:24:38+1000] <Hydroxide> Martin Michlmayr, via email, and me (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
[2018-08-14T06:24:39+1000] <zobel> tbm
[2018-08-14T06:24:42+1000] <schultmc> Martin Michlmayr and Jimmy Kaplowitz from what I've seen on list.
[2018-08-14T06:24:51+1000] <luca> any others?
[2018-08-14T06:25:04+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:25:19+1000] <luca> do we use the vote bot here?
[2018-08-14T06:25:28+1000] <luca> or just a straight call of votes?
[2018-08-14T06:25:51+1000] • luca: does not use said vote bot so someone else needs to prime that pump
[2018-08-14T06:26:03+1000] • Snow-Man: would suggest just straight call of votes in that case
[2018-08-14T06:26:07+1000] <Hydroxide> the script isn't a bot anyway, as far as I'm aware. it's client-side irssi stuff. any way of tracking the results in a log that tpot can include in the minutes is fine
[2018-08-14T06:26:08+1000] <+tpot> i think only tbm and spectranaut know how to use it rn
[2018-08-14T06:26:18+1000] <luca> ah, then i don't have said script
[2018-08-14T06:26:23+1000] <luca> okay, straight vote
[2018-08-14T06:26:24+1000] <Hydroxide> does anyone have questions for me, or comments, I will vote abstain in this vote
[2018-08-14T06:26:27+1000] <+tpot> i'll figure it out for the next meeting
[2018-08-14T06:26:38+1000] <luca> please state your vote
[2018-08-14T06:26:45+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote abstain
[2018-08-14T06:27:05+1000] <zobel> tpot: i can explain after the meeting.
[2018-08-14T06:27:06+1000] <luca> !vote Jimmy
[2018-08-14T06:27:11+1000] <schultmc> !vote Hydroxide
[2018-08-14T06:27:19+1000] <+tpot> !vote Hydroxide
[2018-08-14T06:27:21+1000] <zobel> !vote tbm
[2018-08-14T06:27:33+1000] <+tridge> !vote tbm
[2018-08-14T06:27:33+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote Hydroxide
[2018-08-14T06:27:57+1000] <zobel> i count this as Hydroxide 
[2018-08-14T06:27:57+1000] <luca> that's six; four for Jimmy; two for Martin Michlmayr
[2018-08-14T06:28:12+1000] <zobel> and one abstain out of 7 board members present
[2018-08-14T06:28:30+1000] <luca> congratulations Jimmy Kaplowitz on President
[2018-08-14T06:28:43+1000] <luca> Jimmy, do you want to take over the meeting or shall i continue?
[2018-08-14T06:28:45+1000] <zobel> so, let the president take over? :)
[2018-08-14T06:29:02+1000] <Hydroxide> thanks. I'll do my best to keep us moving and improving for the next year. I can take over if you want
[2018-08-14T06:29:13+1000] <luca> go
[2018-08-14T06:29:26+1000] <Hydroxide> next item: Items up for discussion
[2018-08-14T06:29:31+1000] <luca> tbm: thanks for your service
[2018-08-14T06:29:46+1000] <Hydroxide> tbm: yes, thanks! you've set a great example, especially with email responsiveness
[2018-08-14T06:29:50+1000] <+tpot> agreed - thanks muchly to tbm
[2018-08-14T06:30:19+1000] <Hydroxide> tbm isn't here for these resolutions he proposed, but they all seem straightforward: removing defunct associated projects and handling their assets by appropriate transfers where there are any
[2018-08-14T06:30:41+1000] <Hydroxide> do we still want to vote? given the lack of controversy, I am okay with that unless anyone has concerns about proceeding in his absence.
[2018-08-14T06:30:52+1000] <zobel> at least madwifi we should vote on IMHO
[2018-08-14T06:31:38+1000] <Snow-Man> no objection to voting on them from me.
[2018-08-14T06:31:40+1000] <Hydroxide> okay. do we want to vote on them individually or as a group of all six at once? if a single board member wants to split the vote, we'll vote separately. otherwise together for time-efficiency
[2018-08-14T06:31:41+1000] <+tpot> we should probably vote on each one
[2018-08-14T06:31:51+1000] <luca> Hydroxide: let's do it right
[2018-08-14T06:31:56+1000] <luca> 1 - 6
[2018-08-14T06:31:58+1000] <Hydroxide> ok, splitting
[2018-08-14T06:32:20+1000] <Hydroxide> tpot: for future reference normally the secretary is the one to operate votes and announce the results, but I'll do it for today
[2018-08-14T06:32:28+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote on: Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:32:30+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:32:35+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:32:36+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:32:39+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:32:45+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:32:47+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:06+1000] <zobel> luca: ^
[2018-08-14T06:33:22+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:30+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes.
[2018-08-14T06:33:41+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote: Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.1: Removal of OSUNIX as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:33:45+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:48+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:48+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:50+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:53+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:33:57+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:34:24+1000] <Hydroxide> luca: ping :)
[2018-08-14T06:34:50+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:03+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes
[2018-08-14T06:35:08+1000] Guest851 (~bkuhn@216.161.86.19) left IRC (Remote host closed the connection)
[2018-08-14T06:35:11+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote: Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.2: Removal of Path64 as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:35:13+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:14+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:14+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:18+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:22+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:25+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:30+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:37+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes
[2018-08-14T06:35:50+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote: Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.3: Removal of TideSDK as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:35:52+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:54+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:56+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:56+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:57+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:35:59+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:01+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:08+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes
[2018-08-14T06:36:17+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote: Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.4: Removal of Fresco as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:36:25+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:25+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:27+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:30+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:32+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:41+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:36:50+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:17+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes
[2018-08-14T06:37:26+1000] <Hydroxide> Vote: Resolution 2018-08-10.mm.1: Removal of Open64 as an associated project
[2018-08-14T06:37:30+1000] <schultmc> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:31+1000] <luca> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:32+1000] <zobel> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:34+1000] <+tpot> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:40+1000] <Hydroxide> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:37:45+1000] <+tridge> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:38:09+1000] <Snow-Man> !vote yes
[2018-08-14T06:38:16+1000] <Hydroxide> 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, vote passes
[2018-08-14T06:38:48+1000] <Hydroxide> next item: IT plan. luca? I know you wanted most of a meetingg for this, but if you want a quick treatment at :38, we can discuss it a bit now
[2018-08-14T06:39:45+1000] <luca> well, this is fair warning that at next meeting, i will want very clear direction on whether to pursue 'serverless' (ie, find service providers for everything we do) or 'server' (meaning we'll get a few EC2 instances and run stuff)
[2018-08-14T06:40:04+1000] <luca> and by very clear, almost unanimous
[2018-08-14T06:40:13+1000] <luca> i'm not adverse to either but i got different opinions
[2018-08-14T06:40:19+1000] <luca> this shouldn't be about cost
[2018-08-14T06:40:32+1000] <luca> this should be about whether we should outsource (effectively)
[2018-08-14T06:40:39+1000] <luca> that is all.
[2018-08-14T06:40:40+1000] <luca> .
[2018-08-14T06:41:38+1000] <Hydroxide> ok. do people have opinions they want to share here now? if not, maybe the way to proceed is a summary over email of the recent discussion, so that people can be informed to discuss next meeting
[2018-08-14T06:42:05+1000] <+tpot> Let's do over email to keep the meeting short.
[2018-08-14T06:42:12+1000] <+tpot> short-ish anyway
[2018-08-14T06:42:14+1000] <Hydroxide> ok
[2018-08-14T06:42:34+1000] <Hydroxide> next item: Any other business (AOB). First item of AOB: Face-to-face meeting.
[2018-08-14T06:42:55+1000] <Hydroxide> Are we prepared to pick a date now?
[2018-08-14T06:43:09+1000] <Snow-Man> I can do either Oct or Nov tho I'm leaning towards Oct at the moment.
[2018-08-14T06:43:12+1000] • Hydroxide: checks email for the Doodle poll with the options
[2018-08-14T06:43:19+1000] <+tpot> We are lacking Valerie's input on the preferred time
[2018-08-14T06:43:28+1000] <Snow-Man> that seems pretty key..
[2018-08-14T06:43:49+1000] <schultmc> nov 11 is my son's birthday - I'll need to leave the evening of nov 10 or morning of nov 11. I'm not aware of any personal conflicts for the october date
[2018-08-14T06:44:05+1000] <Snow-Man> though perhaps less so given that Tim is now secretary?
[2018-08-14T06:44:17+1000] <+tpot> I think everyone prefers the Oct date
[2018-08-14T06:44:20+1000] <Hydroxide> right. she's no longer secretary but she is still a board member. there is currently a tie between October 6 and November 10 in Doodle
[2018-08-14T06:44:36+1000] <+tpot> except Valerie
[2018-08-14T06:44:50+1000] <+tpot> I propose we give V a few more days to reply and then choose october
[2018-08-14T06:44:54+1000] <Hydroxide> we had been trying to coordinate with the Debian cloud sprint, but they've been slow to arrange logistics for various legitimate reasons
[2018-08-14T06:44:55+1000] <Snow-Man> Valerie hasn't expressed a preference, so it's still technically a tie, no?
[2018-08-14T06:45:01+1000] <Hydroxide> tpot: that sounds good.
[2018-08-14T06:45:10+1000] <Snow-Man> I'm ok with that
[2018-08-14T06:45:20+1000] <Hydroxide> Snow-Man: yes, I mentally did s/except/not counting/ to what tpot said :)
[2018-08-14T06:46:26+1000] <Hydroxide> next item: luca asked about the bylaw vote and the membership system fix to email about elections
[2018-08-14T06:47:15+1000] <Hydroxide> what do people think is important here? my own view is that we shouldn't delay the bylaw vote as long as it might take to automate those emails, but someone (either tpot or someone he delegates to help with the bylaw vote) should do manually triggered mail-merge-type emails for this vote
[2018-08-14T06:47:25+1000] <zobel> schultmc: if we meet early enough for bank stuff, i see no problem with you leaving earlier.
[2018-08-14T06:47:26+1000] <Hydroxide> and then we can get the automated emails in place for the annual board elections next summer
[2018-08-14T06:47:35+1000] <Snow-Man> I have a hard time thinking it'd take long to automate those emails...
[2018-08-14T06:47:45+1000] <Snow-Man> I don't want to delay the vote either, to be clear
[2018-08-14T06:47:45+1000] <luca> i'm okay with mail-merge this time
[2018-08-14T06:47:47+1000] <Snow-Man> but, really ..
[2018-08-14T06:47:54+1000] <Snow-Man> I'm happy to work on the email side of things
[2018-08-14T06:48:08+1000] <schultmc> zobel: I can be available a few days before the board meeting to do treasurer stuff like opening bank accounts (either week)
[2018-08-14T06:48:10+1000] <Hydroxide> Snow-Man: if someone volunteers to make that happen, say, this month or early next, that'd work nicely to handle it automated this time. is that a volunteer?
[2018-08-14T06:48:19+1000] <Snow-Man> Hydroxide: yes sit
[2018-08-14T06:48:22+1000] <Snow-Man> err
[2018-08-14T06:48:24+1000] <Snow-Man> Hydroxide: yes sir. :)
[2018-08-14T06:48:42+1000] <Hydroxide> I'm imagining that we should get the bylaws vote started in september or early october, and end 1-4 weeks after that, at tpot's discretion
[2018-08-14T06:48:45+1000] <Hydroxide> great!
[2018-08-14T06:49:04+1000] <Hydroxide> so to summarize: Snow-Man will automate the requested emails by mid-september, failing which someone will mail-merge this time
[2018-08-14T06:49:11+1000] <+tpot> I just read this morning that there is some unhappiness with notification of the bylaw vote.
[2018-08-14T06:49:14+1000] <luca> okay, i need to depart; ciao
[2018-08-14T06:49:23+1000] <Hydroxide> thanks luca, bye
[2018-08-14T06:49:32+1000] <+tpot> ok - probably better to discuss over mail
[2018-08-14T06:49:55+1000] <Hydroxide> tpot: what are you referring to? the main unhappiness I'm aware of is that we sent the annual board election notices to -announce only without sending directly to members
[2018-08-14T06:50:07+1000] <Hydroxide> adding direct notifications is what we just discussed. we haven't notified about the bylaw vote yet
[2018-08-14T06:50:10+1000] <Snow-Man> that's also what I heard
[2018-08-14T06:50:22+1000] <+tpot> sorry i only read it 10 mins before the meeting so i may be mistaken
[2018-08-14T06:50:45+1000] <+tpot> probably a mistake to bring it up right now
[2018-08-14T06:50:48+1000] <Hydroxide> ok. I think we just agreed to fix the concern the members expressed in time for the bylaw vote, either automatically if Snow-Man does it by mid-september or with a bit of manual mail-merge before later automation
[2018-08-14T06:50:52+1000] <Snow-Man> tpot: let's chat soon about what's needed to make it work
[2018-08-14T06:50:52+1000] <Hydroxide> let's move on then
[2018-08-14T06:51:09+1000] <Hydroxide> last item: next meeting would normally be September 10 at the same time as today. does that work?
[2018-08-14T06:51:18+1000] <Snow-Man> +
[2018-08-14T06:51:20+1000] <Snow-Man> 1
[2018-08-14T06:51:22+1000] <Snow-Man> heh
[2018-08-14T06:51:24+1000] <schultmc> +1
[2018-08-14T06:51:25+1000] <+tpot> agreed
[2018-08-14T06:51:41+1000] <+tridge> yep
[2018-08-14T06:51:43+1000] • zobel: heads out. i need some sleep before being up early tomorrow.
[2018-08-14T06:51:45+1000] <Hydroxide> okay. September 10 20:00 UTC it is. see you then!
[2018-08-14T06:51:47+1000] <Hydroxide> *gavel*
