[[!meta title="SPI Membership Policy"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI Membership Policy **DRAFT**

THE SPI MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE RESOLVES THAT

1.  Anyone is eligible to apply for membership in Software in the Public Intest, Inc.

1.  These memberships shall never expire.

1.  The application for organizations is handled exclusively through email.
    1. Such application precludes the capability of becoming an associated project.
    1. Such application is temporarily suspended until further notice.

1.  The application for individuals as Non Contributing Membership (NCM) is handled
    through [SPI's website](https://members.spi-inc.org/).

    1. For a NCM membership, member must confirm their email.
    1. Conceding will be automatic.
    1. Data is handled according to SPI's Privacy Policy.
    1. Members can withdraw their NCM status at any time.
    1. Data deletion is requested to the membership committee by the confirmed email.

1.  Only individuals whom have been granted the NCM standing may request the CM status
    1. Each individual may only have one application.
    1. [Contributing Membership may expire](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2023/2023-04-10.jln.1/).
    1. Expired CM status may be restored through the portal.
    1. Data deletion is only requested after the membership is terminated. Some
       data may be kept for legal purposes.

1.  Contributing Status is only granted when the email of the application and the
    email from the contribution is a perfect match, or when it is possible to prove
    beyond question that both emails belong to the same person.

1.  The applicant is responsible for providing all evidence to SPI Membership
    Committe.

1.  Contributing Members are those who contribute to the ecossystem as a whole.
    As such, the committee considers the substance of the member to the community,
    not of their individual contributions.

    1. Even grammar corrections can make someone eligible, when they're done
    consistently, preserving the software grammar correcteness (for example).
    1. Likewise, someone who fixed a large issue and never did anything else aren't
    really contributing to the ecossystem as a whole (also for example). They
    are thus not considered active, and the contribution, even if significant
    to the project, is not considered significant to the community.

1.  Someone who no longer actively contributes to the ecossystem can still be
    eligible for CM standing, when all their contributions remain significant to
    the free software community.

1.  The committee provides the CM standing to any elected director or appointed
    project liaison, by virtue of their duties and contributions to the community
    through SPI.

1.  While the committee may expedite applications from members of affiliated
    projects, it's not required to be a member of an affiliated project.

1.  The committee typically reviews application within 30 (thirty) days.

    1. Applications which do not provide sufficient information may be kept without
       reply, as rejecting the application would prevent the NCM from submitting a
       new application.
    1. Applicants whom have not received a reply and believe to have provided
       sufficient information may inquire to the SPI Board email about the status
       of their application.

1.  The committee acts according to [its chart](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2001/2001-08-06.nl/).

1.  General guidelines are published in [SPI website](https://www.spi-inc.org/membership/guidelines/).

1.  The Membership Committee members are Application Managers.

1.  Application Managers whom have been inactive for two years or more should be
    sent to the Board for removal from the committee.

1.  If there are less than four active Application Managers, the SPI President
    may submit to the Board a proposal to add the officers to assume the Membership
    Committee duties provisorily, until replacements can be appointed.

1.  The President, by Bylaws article eight, has the duty of ensuring the membership
    committee is properly staffed and operating.

1.  Any CM may be part of the Membership Committee. When a director joins the
    Membership Committee and decide to leave SPI Board, they must notify if they
    wish to remain in the committee.
