[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework **DRAFT**

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [December 8, 2025](/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-12-08/).

WHEREAS

1. SPI committees and officers, within their duties and responsabilities, carry out
day to day duties, many of these undocumented;

2. Other organizations adopt policies to document how officers or committees act,
such as criterias for membership association, for public knowledge or to preserve
practices as individuals behind the roles change;

3. SPI Board does not wish to diminish the power the Bylaws grant to its officers
and committes by converting these documentations into resolutions.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. For any matter which can be privately decided by an officer, committee or group
of officers or committees, a policy may be issued upon.

2. Such policy shall state the officer(s) or committee(s) responsible for it, as well
as if they should be public or not.

3. Policies are binding to the entirety of SPI, and therefore, may be amended by the
entirety of SPI.

4. In case of ambiguity or divergence of understanding in a policy meaning, the
officer(s) or committee(s) responsible for it shall have the final word on its
exact meaning.

5. All new policies shall be communicated to the Board by electronic email, at
least 3 (three) days before it goes into effect, and typically at least 7 (seven)
days, as to allow all directors to review the new terms.

6. Unlike resolutions, such policies shall go into effect at the date stated on them
or 7 (seven) days after they're submitted to the Board, without the need of a
Board explicit vote or approval.

7. The Board reserves itself the right to veto a policy change. Once a director
raises an objection to the amendment or new policy, the change will be suspended
until the Board votes on the matter.

8. Whenever a policy conflict with a Board resolution, the resolution shall prevail,
in the terms of article seven of SPI Bylaws.

9. All policies will be published in SPI's website by the officer(s) or committee(s)
responsible for them, except for those whom are not public, which shall be kept in
the private Board's repository instead.
