[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 17th, 2006

These are the draft minutes for the October 17th, 2006 SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2006/2006-10-17-log.txt)


__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Ian Jackson (Diziet)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board members partially present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* MJ Ray (slef)
* Steve Langasek (vorlon)
* John Goerzen (CosmicRay)
* Joe Brockmeier (jzb)
* Luk Claes (luk)
* Bruce Byfield (nanday)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)


## President's Report

<pre>
None submitted
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Status of Treasurer Work
----------------------------------------------------
I am currently focusing my main energy on two things:
1) Minimally completing 2005 revenue and expenses so that I can file our
2005 taxes, due 11/15.
2) Getting the raw data entered in preparation for having a true accounting
system.  Note that we had no previous data entry of expenses, meaning that
I will be entering this information from source material.  Additionally,
revenue was not entered in a way that makes it possible for me to
associate specific transaction fees with specific designations, so that's
being redone as well (fortunately, not from source material).

I estimate that I will be able to file 2005 taxes in two weeks, and that
straightening out the books will require another 1-2 months.   I am waiting
for the board to approve the contract with our new CPA  (Rich &amp; Bander of
NY), whose assistance is needed in setting up a new chart of accounts to
better track per-organization expenses (see board meeting agenda), so that
I can start using LedgerSMB for real accounting.

2005 Preliminary Balance Sheet
--------------------------------------------
From Mark's.  What this is missing is designations for revenue &amp; expenses.  
The revenue is easy; the expenses are hard.

                                        Dec 31, 05
ASSETS                                  
        Current Assets                          
                Checking/Savings                        
                        1000 · ALL BANK ACCOUNTS                
                                1002 · Amex Centurion 1296789   238.27
                                1003 · First Internet Bank 4169 27,422.73
                        Total 1000 · ALL BANK ACCOUNTS          27,661.00
                Total Checking/Savings                  27,661.00
                Other Current Assets                    
                        1204 · AMEX MONEY MARKET                
                                1201 · Cost     39,882.62
                                1200 · Amex Money Market funds &amp; cash   39,697.42
                                1203 · Accrued Dividend -24.70
                        Total 1204 · AMEX MONEY MARKET          79,555.34
                        1300 · Undeposited Funds                1,430.00
                Total Other Current Assets                      80,985.34
        Total Current Assets                            108,646.34
TOTAL ASSETS                                    108,646.34
LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                                    
        Equity                          
                3000 · Opening Bal Equity                       83,940.00
                3500 · Retained Earnings                        7,519.89
                Net Income                      17,186.45
        Total Equity                            108,646.34
TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                                      108,646.34


Recent Activity
------------------------------------------
Bank Statement for September:

Balance as of last statement 81,671.62
0 Deposits and other credits 0.00
0 Checks Posted 0.00
0 Returned Items Credited 0.00
8 Other Withdrawals 4,201.73
Balance as of this statement 77,469.89

Other Notes
------------------------------------------
Note that, between various accounts, SPI has nearly $70,000 in cash (90%
Debian Funds).  Debian should really think about ways to spend that money
which fulfill our mission, rather than just accumulating it.  Development?
Machines?  Maybe the oft-mentioned E&amp;O insurance?
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__ August 16th 2005, and September 19th 2006 minutes have been
raised for approval of the board.

Motion to accept the August 16th minutes, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded by
David Graham.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 3.

Motion to accept the September 19th minutes, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded
by David Graham.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Missing</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

Bdale has made contact with Greg, who has indicated that although he hasn't had
much to spare for a while, he will have more time going forward.

Bdale would like to ask Greg how much time he has to offer and how we should
bound the scope of what we expect him to address.

Josh indicated that PostgreSQL has worked with a US trademark attorney who is
willing to offer discounts to OSS-NPOs, should SPI require the services of a
(paid-for) lawyer.


## Resolution 2006-10-17.jmb.1: Engaging the services of Rich and Bander of New York

Motion to accept Resolution 2006-10-17.jmb.1, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded
by Michael Schultheiss.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## OFTC election results

David Graham reports:

> OFTC voted 100% in favour of remaining with SPI, and David won re-election as
> chair of OFTC


## Results of email resolutions
Neil McGovern reports:

> Two email votes have been raised since our last board meeting. Both failed
> due to a complication in NY NPO law. They were 2006-10-04.jmb.1 and
> 2006-09-27.nm.1.


## GPG keys: request of the admin team

The admin team is setting up a unified userdir-ldap system (which is what
Debian and DebConf use). Board members should send their key ids to
admin@spi-inc.org. If they do not have a key id, they should contact the admin
team for assistance in setting one up.


## Items from the DPL

Items 1-3 on this are pending Bdale's discussion with Greg. Items 4 and 5
require the attention of the Treasurer, and are being worked on. Item 6 is
resolved.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Tuesday, October 21st, 2006 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>


## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

[2006-10-17.jmb.1](/corporate/resolutions/2006/2006-10-17.jmb.1/):
Engaging the services of Rich and Bander of New York


## Appendix C: Outstanding Items from the DPL

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>

