[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, November 21st, 2006

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Ian Jackson (Diziet)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)


__Board members partially present__

* Martin Schulze (Joey)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* Robert Treat - PostgreSQL (xzilla)


__Registered guests present__

* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* John Goerzen (CosmicRay)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* Christoph Berg (Myon)
* Haris Sehic (hajvan)
* Christel Dahlskjaer (christel)
* Benjamin Seidenberg (astronut)
* Bruce Byfield (nanday)

These are the draft minutes for the November 21st, 2006 SPI Board meeting, held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2006/2006-11-21-log.txt)

## President's Report

<pre>
I've had several interesting discussions with representatives of current and
potential associated projects in person (particularly at LW-UK) or by email and
IRC in the last month, but nothing from those conversations is ready for board
action at this time.

Greg Pomerantz and I have exchanged several emails since our last board
meeting.  I missed a chance to talk to him last night by phone due to not
seeing his email invitation until this morning, but he's engaged and reviewing
our list of open questions.  I regret not having his inputs but hopefully I'll
have an update for the board by email this week.
</pre>

Josh Berkus comments:

<pre>
I would like us to have the completed Associated Projects HOWTO online before
we accept anyone else, and for the record, LedgerSMB and OpenOffice.org are
both pending us getting stuff together.
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
I did a fairly extensive writeup online:
https://www.spi-inc.org/treasurer/treasurer-s-report-11-2006.html

The one thing that didn't make my report is that based on feedback we may want
to revisit the 5% rule as our way of allocating SPI funds for some kind of
modified rule, which will be discussed via email.

LedgerSMB should be ready to data entry next week, volunteers appreciated.
</pre>


## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__ October 17th 2006 minutes have been raised for approval of
the board.

Motion to accept the August 16th minutes, moved by Neil McGovern, seconded by
David Graham.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

Bdale apologises for being last-minute-ish catching up with Greg before the
meeting, but he is not yet sure why Greg hasn't responded to the initial query
back in April, since he should have had it and several pings since.

Greg has no advice on the issue as yet.

Bdale was enthusiastic when Greg engaged on one of our lists recently, then he
went quiet again which is why Bdale sent him the ping this weekend hoping for
some answers before today. Greg replied with an invite for a phone call to
catch up last night which Bdale didn't see until today (20061121)

Josh raised the possibility of looking at getting a paid attorney, or paying
Greg. He writes:

<pre>
It seems that Greg does not have enough pro-bono time to take care of all of
our advice issues.
</pre>

Bdale thinks we need to figure out how much of this is that Greg is not plugged
in to our communication streams and/or pending request list vs how much he does
or doesn't have time.

Anthony Towns stated he would appreciate advice from SPI board and/or US folks
on having Debian pay an attorney and/or how much are appropriate fees.

Bdale is to follow up, as per the president's report. If Ian Jackson doesn't
hear from Bdale, he will follow up instead.


## Resolution 2006-11-21.jmb.3: Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project

Motion to accept Resolution 2006-11-21.jmb.3, moved by Bdale Garbee, seconded
by Branden Robinson.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze:</td><td>Missing</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative domain

David Graham reports:

<pre>
Rationale: Former SPI project, the Open Source Initiative has requested that
its domains (opensource.org and opensource.net) be turned over to their own
501c3.

In the past there has been some discussion of this being an unfavourable thing
to do due to OSI's governance structure.

I put it to the board that the governance structures of other 501(c)3
non-profits is none of our business and that we have a responsibility to turn
these domains over to OSI at the earliest opportunity. I am not willing to
postpone this vote as I believe it is an issue that should be settled for once
and for all.
</pre>

Ian Jackson and Josh Berkus move to postpone the resolution until next meeting
for further discussion via email.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion to postpone passes with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 3, Abstain: 0.

Bdale noted that he would like to close this issue one way or another, once and
for all and will not tolerate another postponement, so please, everyone on the
board continue to discuss and be ready to vote on the resolution a month hence.


## Items from the DPL

Items 1-3 on this are pending Bdale's discussion with Greg. Items 4 and 5 are
awaiting data entry on the accounting system, and are being worked on.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Tuesday, December 19th, 2006 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

Resolution 2006-11-21.jmb.3: Removal of OpenVAS as an associated project


## Appendix C: Outstanding Items from the DPL

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harrassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek

           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harrassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>

