[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 11th, 2006

These are the draft minutes for the annual meeting held July 1st and July 11th,
2006 in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2006/2006-07-11-log.txt)

__Board members present__

* John Goerzen		(CosmicRay)	President
* Benjamin Mako Hill	(mako)		Vice President
* David Graham		(cdlu)		Secretary
* Jimmy Kaplowitz		(Hydroxide)	Treasurer
* Branden Robinson	(Overfiend)
* Martin Schulze		(Joey)
* Bdale Garbee		(bdale)


__Board members absent__

* Bruce Perens
* Ian Jackson


__Registered guests present__

* Neil McGovern		(Maulkin)
* Michael Schultheiss	(schultmc)
* Romain Francoise	(ore)
* MJ Ray			(slef)
* Joe Brockmeier		(jzb)
* Thijs Kinkhorst		(kink)
* Christian T. Steigies	(cts)
* Joerg Jaspert		(Ganneff)
* Moray Allan		(moray)
* Luk Claes		(luk)


## President's Report

Due to the lack of a lack of reports from projects, committees, or the
treasurer, the President's Report consists only of the Membership Committee
report.

See appendix for the text of this report.

When more information is received, John Goerzen will pass it on to his
successor for use in a late Annual Report.


## Treasurer's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz reports: "An update that was current on the Treasurer's report
situation as of July 1st is in the agenda. Since then, my computer problems are
fixed but I haven't yet gotten to catching up on the Treasurer's reports.
Still, what I say in that update about my plans to catch up by the election
cycle switchover on July 29 is still true. I apologize for the delays."

See appendix for referred text.

Elections are in progress and Branden Robinson offers to continue as the Deputy
Treasurer until his services are no longer needed.


## Outstanding minutes

Minutes are presented for approval from March 21st, and June 20th, 2006.

The minutes for March 21st are put to a vote:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>John Goerzen:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


The minutes for March 21st are approved by a vote of: Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1

The minutes for June 20th are put to a vote:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Branden Robinson:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>John Goerzen:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Schulze:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Benj. Mako Hill:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The minutes for June 20th are approved by a vote of: Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1


## Board election

David Graham reports that more candidates have signed up than the number of
seats available for election, so a vote will definitely take place.

Current information is [on the vote page](/corporate/votes/2006-board-election/)

Neil McGovern has written software to tally the votes, but is a candidate and
the code needs auditing.

Benjamin Mako Hill volunteers.


## Spanish Trademark

This item is again deferred as SPI continues to seek legal advice and is left
for the new board to handle following the election.


## Tax filing

Tax filing is proceeding slowly.


## Website rebuild

Neil McGovern reports that BlackCat Networks has provided SPI a new server that
is more powerful and with more RAM. The server transition will take place over
the next 1 to 2 weeks and the website is ready to be transferred.


## Issues from the floor

The Board thanks the outgoing Board members not seeking reelection for their
years of service on the Board and as President and Vice President.


## Adjournment

The meeting is adjourned until August 1st, where a special meeting will be held
to select the Board's Officers following the announcement of election results
on July 29th. The next regular business meeting will be August 15th.

The meeting closed at 19:52 UTC.


## APPENDIX A: Current board membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Date elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>John Goerzen</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Benjamin Mako Hill</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Bruce Perens</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## APPENDIX B: Approved motions

The minutes for March 21st and June 20th, 2006 were approved.


## APPENDIX C: President's report

<pre>
This is the Membership Committee report:
Membership Committee
In May 2005 Graham Wilson, Luk Claes and Michael Schultheiss became the
new Membership Committee. They are all still willing to continue this
for the next year.
2.1.1 Statistics
Here are some statistics from the membership committee:
                                       2005     2006
NC Applicants Pending Email Approval   31       50
NC Members                             282      318
Contrib Membership Applications        8        10
Contrib Members                        313      335
Application Managers                   6        3
3. The Future
As can be seen in the statistics, the NC Applicants Pending Email
Approval is
raising. The reason is that there is no webinterface for removing these
applications, so it might be a good idea to implement this next year :-)
The amount of NC Members and Contrib Members is of course increasing as
normally the rule is: once a member always a member. Most of the open
Contrib
Membership Applications are because of applicants mentioning too few (or no)
information in the online application form. These applicants are pinged and
their application will be processed further in the near future.
Also among the planned improvements for the web interface is support for a
scriptable interface, and a corresponding tool that allows application
managers
to process applicants without requiring them to manipulate them through
the web
interface. This will hopefully make the task of managing applicants easier.
</pre>

## APPENDIX D: Treasurer's update

<pre>
I'm submitting these updates right before the meeting, but primarily to
get them down for the meeting, not necessarily to provide advance
notice.

Treasurer's report update: In addition to the carpal tunnel I've had,
I've also been experiencing hardware problems on the machine with my
gpg-encrypted online bank access password as well as my SPI email
archive. Needless to say, this has made me unable to properly submit
information for the annual report or to do treasurer's reports recently.
As I have said before, I still intend to catch up as much as possible on
my treasurer's reports in advance of the turnover in Treasurer's duties
on the 29th, and if not, I will provide the new Treasurer what
assistance necessary to finish them.

Outstanding minutes: I gave David a slight correction to the item in the
June 20 minutes about Treasurer's reports, to better reflect what I
actually said.

Debian trademark in Spain: I explained this situation to SPI lawyer Greg
Pomerantz in person last Wednesday, and he had been unaware of it
previously. He said then that he would take a look at it. I also
mentioned that it's been on hold for a while now and that dealing with
it quickly would be appreciated.

Tax filing/bookkeeping: Greg advised that we probably shouldn't try to
register with New York until we have financial information ready for the
last several years, because they'll probably want it once we're on their
radar. Therefore, I am holding off on registering with NY State. As for
actually getting the financial information ready for our 2005 federal filing, I
have to defer to Branden on that, since he's the one who's been dealing
with Mark's Bookkeeping. I will be filing a request for a second
extension on this filing (which shouldn't be too hard), since we're
right now in the process of conducting elections and we probably will
need until after the changeover to complete the filing.
</pre>

