[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 19th, 2006

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Vice President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin) (Secretary)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus) (Treasurer)
* Ian Jackson (Diziet)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Schulze (Joey)
* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)



__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* Robert Treat - PostgreSQL (xzilla)


__Registered guests present__


* Luk Clas (luk)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* John Goerzen (CosmicRay)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
* Rico Gloeckner (mc)
* Kaare Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* Thijs Kinkhorst (kink)
* Bill Allombert (yp17)
* Moray Allan (moray)
* Greg Sabino Mullane (G_SabinoMullane)
* MJ Ray (slef)


These are the draft minutes for the December 19th, 2006 SPI Board meeting,
held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2006/2006-12-19-log.txt)


## President's Report

<pre>
None received
</pre>


## Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Current Status:

LedgerSMB 1.2 has been set up on the new treasurer server.  However, I still
need to set it up for the new chart of accounts (which requires writing some
new stored procedures) and enter some sample transactions so that other
people can help me get caught up for 2006.  Unfortunately, the holidays,
conference travel, and re-organization frenzy at Sun (I have a new boss) have
prevented me from completing this.

Raw figures from the month of November are:

$150 in expenses (PostgreSQL)

No deposits were made in November.  This indicates that there is still an
obstacle to getting deposits made in timely fashion, as we certainly received
donations in November.  I hereby request that the assistant Treasurer make
recommendations on how practically we can get all donations deposited on at
least a bi-weekly (if not a weekly) basis.
</pre>

Concerns were also raised that Branden has not been making bank deposits, so
Josh may be making a proposal to change banks. This is to be discussed later
via email.


## Outstanding Minutes

__Current status:__ November 21st 2006 minutes have been raised for approval of
the board.


Motion to accept the November 21st minutes, moved by David Graham, seconded by
Neil McGovern.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.


## Resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1: Debian trademark in Spain

No further progress has been reported on this issue. Bdale Garbee and Ian
Jackson are to follow up with Greg Pomerantz.


## Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative Domain

Motion to accept Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1, moved by David Graham,
seconded by Neil McGovern.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Josh Berkus:</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Ian Jackson:</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham:</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz :</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passes with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 1, Abstain: 1.


## Items from the DPL

Items 1-3 on this are pending Bdale's discussion with Greg. Items 4 and 5 are
awaiting data entry on the accounting system, and are being worked on.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Tuesday, January 16th, 2007 at 19:00 UTC.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><thead>
<tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2006-07-31]</td><td>Josh Berkus</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td></tr>
<tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

Resolution 2006-11-18.dbg.mjs.1: Open Source Initiative domain


## Appendix C: Outstanding Items from the DPL

<pre>
    1) Response to concerns related to the acceptance of Sun Java into
       non-free, see:
           From: John Goerzen
           Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2006 18:28:22 -0500
           Subject: Questions about Java license and related questions
           Message-ID: &lt;20060607232822.GA31686@katherina.lan.complete.org&gt;

    2) Response to concerns related to interaction between Debian developers
       and citizens of embargoed countries, see:
           From: Anthony Towns
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:47:49 +1000
           Subject: Debian in embargoed countries
           Message-ID: &lt;20060609074749.GB1408@azure.humbug.org.au&gt;

    3) Response to concerns related to online harassment, see:
           From: Steve Langasek
           Date: Fri, 9 Jun 2006 17:04:51 -0700
           Subject: request for assistance with ongoing harassment
               [debianwomenpassaway@yahoo.com: Debian women: please pass away.]
           Message-ID: &lt;20060610000450.GN13192@mauritius.dodds.net&gt;

    4) Precise accounting of funds held for the benefit of the Debian
       project (my imprecise estimate is $0, split between -$50,000 for
       debconf, and +$50,000 for misc debian use, which will obviously
       only be useful when the HP money makes its way in)

    5) Is there any sort of online/electronic report of donations from
       Click &amp; Pledge that can be made available?
</pre>

