[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 9th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles) (Secretary)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Luk Claes (luk_)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* David Graham (cdlu)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* Joe Nahmias (jello)


These are the minutes for the December 9th, 2009 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-12-09-log.txt)


## President's Report

Joerg passed on the following information from Bdale:

> I'm investigating a mechanism by which SPI could purchase HP servers
> on behalf of our associated projects at a discount.  I hope to have
> more details to report on this in January.

## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial report for
November 2009:

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period November 01, 2009 - November 30, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           5,614.67
        Freedesktop.org                     24.00
        Gallery                             70.00
        OpenOffice.org                     871.00
        Open Voting Foundation              25.00
        PostgreSQL                          31.00
        SPI General                        527.81
        SPI 5%                             414.82
        The HeliOS Project               1,662.00

        Total Ordinary Income            9,240.30
                                         --------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings           4.42

        Total Interest Income                4.42
                                             ----

   Gross Income                          9,244.72
                                         --------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses

        Debian
          Postage                  12.95
          Processing Fees         221.99
          SPI 5%                  280.73
          Travel Reimbursement  3,742.83

          Total Debian Exp      4,258.50
                                --------


        Freedesktop.org
          Processing Fees           0.96
          SPI 5%                    1.20

          Total Freedesktop.org Exp 2.16
                                    ----

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           1.89
          SPI 5%                    3.50

          Total Gallery Exp         5.39
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org (OO.o)
          Processing Fees          18.64
          SPI 5%                   43.55

          Total OO.o Exp           62.19
                                   -----

        Open Voting Foundation
          Processing Fees           1.00
          SPI 5%                    1.25

          Total OVF Exp             2.25
                                    ----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees           1.24
          SPI 5%                    1.49

          Total PostgreSQL Exp      2.73
                                    ----

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Postage                  17.50
          Transaction Fees         20.06

          Total SPI Exp            67.51
                                   -----

        The HeliOS Project
          Expense reimbursement   882.23
          Processing Fees          66.48
          SPI 5%                   83.10

          Total HeliOS Exp      1,031.81
                                --------

        Total Expenses          5,432.54
                                --------

        Net Income              3,812.18
                                ========



Balance Sheet as of November 30, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      37,958.21
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings      107,545.93
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,401.62

     Total Current Assets                                158,905.76

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          158,905.76


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    70,205.04
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,566.07
           Gallery Earmark                    6,484.31
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,390.88
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             7,762.40
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark        90.09
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                23,877.01
           Privoxy Earmark                       62.75
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,865.05
           The HeliOS Project                  (131.30)
        Total held in trust                              122,332.00

        General reserves                                  36,573.76


     Total Equity                                        158,905.76

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            158,905.76
</pre>

There was also a short discussion about the poor rate of interest
being received on the Key Business Signature Money Market Savings. The bank
has lowered the interest rate but it's still not uncommonly low in the current
climate. Higher yield accounts will be investigated for the account agreed
upon in September.

## Secretary's report

Handover from Martin to Jonathan has been completed. The two pending
applications for associated membership are on the agenda for today. While there
are only minutes for last month to be voted on today Martin has provided the
remaining 2 sets of minutes and they'll be prepared for the January
meeting.

## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes November 11th, 2009

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing


## Items up for discussion

### 2009-11-27.jmd.1 - YafaRay as associated project

Vote on 2009-11-27.jmd.1 - YafaRay as associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing

Jonathan agreed to email YafaRay to notify them of the invitation to join
SPI as an associated project.

### 2009-11-27.jmd.2 - sidux as associated project

Vote on 2009-11-27.jmd.2 - sidux as associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing

Ferdinand Thommes (devil) was present at the meeting and accepted the
invitation to sidux to join SPI as an associated project.

## Any other business

Ganneff reported that while there had been some further discussion about
debian.org.tw no progress had yet been made.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, January 13th, 2009 at 21:00
UTC in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2009</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2009</td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2009-11-27.jmd.1: YafaRay as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. YafaRay is a substantial and useful open source project.

 2. YafaRay would like SPI's support and assistance, including taking
donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 3. YafaRay is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

 4. Currently, Alvaro Luna Bautista is recognised by SPI as the current
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for YafaRay. Successors
will be appointed by the YafaRay Team, as listed on
http://www.yafaray.org/about

 5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

### Resolution 2009-11-27.jmd.2: sidux as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. sidux is a substantial and useful open source project.

 2. sidux would like SPI's support and assistance, including taking
donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 3. sidux is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

 4. Currently, Ferdinand Thommes is recognised by SPI as the current
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for sidux. In the event
of the liaison becoming unavailable the treasurer of sidux e.V.
(currently Walter Güldenberg) will act as temporary liaison and notify
SPI of any replacement liaison.

 5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

