# Board Meeting, October 14th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Secretary)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Joshua Drake (linuxpoet)
* Luk Claes (luk_)


__Board partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


These are the minutes for the October 14th, 2009 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-10-14-log.txt)


## President's Report

Bdale welcomed the new associated projects Path64 and OSUNIX. He also
told, he had conversations with more potential associated projects,
particularly because of his participation in LinuxCon and the Ohio
LinuxFest.

## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial report for
September 2009:

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period September 01, 2009 - September 30, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                          10,615.00
        Gallery                            170.00
        Madwifi-project.org                 27.80
        OpenOffice.org                     725.00
        PostgreSQL                          53.00
        SPI General                        517.00
        SPI 5%                              82.79
        The HeliOS Project                  65.00
        Total Ordinary Income           12,255.59
                                        ---------
   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          27.23
        Total Interest Income               27.23
                                            -----
   Gross Income                         12,282.82
                                        ---------
 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          DC9 Catering         27,718.66
          Processing Fees          23.70
          SPI 5%                   30.75
          Transfer to debian.ch   144.76
          Travel Reimbursement  6,250.48
          Total Debian Exp     34,168.35
                               ---------
        Gallery
          Processing Fees           4.59
          SPI 5%                    8.50
          Total Gallery Exp        13.09
                                   -----
        Madwifi-project.org
          SPI 5%                    1.39
          Total Madwifi Exp         1.39
                                    ----
        OpenOffice.org (OO.o)
          Processing Fees          21.00
          SPI 5%                   36.25
          Total OO.o Exp           57.25
                                   -----
        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees           2.12
          SPI 5%                    2.65
          Travel Expenses       5,215.78
          Total PostgreSQL Exp  5,220.55
                                --------
        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         24.98
          Total SPI Exp            54.93
                                   -----
        The HeliOS Project
          Expense reimbursement   515.81
          Processing Fees           2.60
          SPI 5%                    3.25
          Total HeliOS Exp        521.66
                                  ------
        Total Expenses         40,037.22
                               ---------
        Net Income            (27,781.63)
                              ===========

Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2009
   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      15,608.62
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings      132,517.21
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,397.64
     Total Current Assets                                161,523.47
   TOTAL ASSETS                                          161,523.47
   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY
     General and current liabilities                           0.00
     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    74,521.67
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,480.53
           Gallery Earmark                    6,419.70
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,390.88
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             6,249.87
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark        67.34
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                25,193.43
           Privoxy Earmark                       40.00
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,865.05
           The HeliOS Project                  (281.05)
        Total held in trust                              126,107.12
        General reserves                                  35,416.35
     Total Equity                                        161,523.47
   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            161,523.47
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Both Path64 and OSUNIX projects accepted our invitations in a timely
fashion and is now associated projects of SPI. Martin is trying to
prepare a press announce for both projects and for OpenWRT. Jimmy asked
about the status of Yafaray, Martin said he will follow up that the next
days.


## Outstanding minutes

Martin hasn't done the minutes of September yet, but Jimmy finished the
August's one which had been amended by Luk's regret by Jimmy during the
meeting.

Vote on Meeting Minutes August 19th, 2009

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss </td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing


## SPI resolution 2009-10-11.jj.1 (Holding debian.org.tw Domain in trust)

After discussion of the uncertain membership of debian.org.tw and issues
related to transfering SPI assets out of the US, it was decided to defer action
on this resolution until an unambiguous method is determined for SPI to
validate a domain transfer request from debian.org.tw.


## Any other business

Joshua reported PostgreSQL Conference West is this week. David reported
that OFTC is in the midst of annual elections.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, November 11th, 2009 at 20:00
UTC in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2009<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007<br /></td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008<br /></td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008<br /></td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2009<br /></td><td>Jonathan McDowell<br /></td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### SPI Resolution 2009-10-1.jj.1: Holding debian.org.tw Domain in trust

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. debian.org.tw (DOT) is an OpenSource, especially Debian, related user
   group in Taiwan. There had been tensions regarding their domain, so
   SPI offers to step in as a neutral outsider.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

2. SPI Inc. offers to hold the debian.org.tw Domain in trust, pointing
   the NS entries to machines selected by the DOT community. SPI
   Inc. will support a transfer of said domain to a registered non-profit
   organization in Taiwan anytime DOT unanimously asks us to do so
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
