# Board Meeting, January 21st, 2009

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* Luk Claes (luk_)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* MJ Ray (slef)
* Josh Berkus (jberkus)
* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)


These are the minutes for the January 21st, 2009 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-01-21-log.txt)

## President's Report

There was no President's report.

## Treasurer's Report

Due to a family emergency, the Treasurer was not able to prepare the December
2008 financial reports in time for this meeting, but he intended to get them
done as soon as possible.


## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided the following secretary's report.

* On December 20th, 2008, Fabian Keil emailed in an acceptance on behalf of
  the Privoxy team of SPI's invitation to become an associated project, thus
  finalizing Privoxy's association with SPI. Fabian's email was PGP-signed
  with DSA key ID BF2EA563.

* A meeting occurred among SPI systems administrator and VP Joerg Jaspert, SPI
  Secretary Jimmy Kaplowitz, and SPI contributing member and website volunteer
  MJ Ray, where it was decided to transition the SPI website to ikiwiki and
  git for easier maintenance. A git repository is being set up for this
  purpose, as well as to enable SPI contributing member Ian Jackson to write a
  bot to announce meetings and agendas.

* Martin Zobel-Helas has generously spent time helping SPI catch up on the
  minutes from before my time as Secretary. Three of them are ready for
  approval today, or at the February meeting if board members need more time
  to review them.

* The OpenWRT project has officially applied for associated project status.
  Certain details need to be resolved, but a resolution will hopefully be
  ready in time to vote on their application at the February meeting.

Additionally, Joerg Jaspert mentioned that the new Git repository for the SPI
website now existed, but that not much other work on the website overhaul had
occurred.

## Outstanding Minutes

Jimmy Kaplowitz said that, due to illness, the December minutes were not yet
ready but that they would be ready in time for the February meeting. Martin
Zobel-Helas did prepare the backlogged minutes from March, April, and May
2008. It was decided to vote on the April and May 2008 minutes in one vote,
and defer approving the March 2008 minutes since a few details remained to be
added to those.


Vote on April and May 2008 minutes

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


Additionally, Jimmy Kaplowitz agreed to fix a typo in the May minutes
(removing a duplicated occurrence of the word "announced").

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1 - New affiliated project: Helios Initiative

Joshua D. Drake presented a resolution to approve the Helios Initiative as a
new SPI associated project. Legal advice was sought due to the focus of Helios
on hardware donations, and the vote on this resolution was deferred to the
February meeting pending that legal advice. It was also agreed to meet one
week earlier in February to minimize the delay in approving Helios.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, February 11th, 2009 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

(none)

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
