[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 11th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Luk Claes (luk_)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* David Graham (cdlu)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* MJ Ray (slef)
* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* Joe Nahmias (jello)


These are the minutes for the February 11th, 2009 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-02-11-log.txt)


## President's Report

There was no President's report.

## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial reports for December 2008
and January 2009.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period December 01, 2008 - December 31, 2008

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           7,650.06
        Gallery                            100.00
        Madwifi.org                        149.00
        OpenOffice.org                      10.52
        PostgreSQL                       2,125.92
        SPI General                        360.00
        SPI 5%                             226.78

        Total Ordinary Income           10,622.28
                                        ---------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          65.44

        Total Interest Income               65.44
                                            -----

   Gross Income                         10,687.72
                                        ---------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          Processing Fees          66.70
          SPI 5%                  107.50

          Total Debian Exp        103.74
                                  ------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           2.70
          SPI 5%                    5.00
          Travel Reimbursement    475.00

          Total Gallery Exp       482.70
                                  ------

        Madwifi.org
          Processing Fees           5.96
          SPI 5%                    7.45

          Total Madwifi.org Exp    13.41
                                   -----

        OpenOffice.org
          Processing Fees           0.42
          SPI 5%                    0.53

          Total OpenOffice.org Exp  0.95
                                    ----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees           7.10
          SPI 5%                  106.30

          Total PostgreSQL Exp    113.40
                                  ------

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         20.15
          Copies                    0.29

          Total SPI Exp            66.73
                                   -----

        Tux4Kids
          Travel Reimbursement  1,355.00
          Wire Fee                 35.00

          Total T4K Exp         1,390.00
                                --------

        Total Expenses          2,170.93
                                --------

        Net Income              8,516.79
                                ========

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      41,783.41
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,943.60
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,336.39

     Total Current Assets                                153,063.40

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          153,063.40


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    88,121.59
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,591.99
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,139.70
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,194.89
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                13,931.98
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,935.05

        Total held in trust                              123,068.09

        General reserves                                  29,995.31

     Total Equity                                        153,063.40

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            153,063.40
</pre>

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period January 01, 2009 - January 31, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           9,530.88
        Gallery                             10.00
        OpenOffice.org                     140.26
        PostgreSQL                       1,371.26
        SPI General                      1,585.00
        SPI 5%                             552.62

        Total Ordinary Income           13,190.02
                                        ---------

   Dividend Income
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Fund           53.12 [1]

        Total Dividend Income               53.12
                                            -----

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          41.52

        Total Interest Income               41.52
                                            -----

   Gross Income                         13,284.66
                                        ---------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses
        Debian
          Processing Fees         113.83
          SPI 5%                  476.54

          Total Debian Exp        590.38
                                  ------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           0.27
          SPI 5%                    0.50

          Total Gallery Exp         0.77
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org
          Processing Fees           5.61
          SPI 5%                    7.01

          Total OpenOffice.org Exp 12.62
                                   -----

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees          41.28
          SPI 5%                   68.56
          Travel Reimbursement  1,012.80


          Total PostgreSQL Exp  1,122.65
                                --------

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         23.53

          Total SPI Exp            53.48
                                   -----

        Tux4Kids
          Travel Reimbursement    440.00
          Wire Fee                 35.00
          Wire Research Fee        10.00

          Total T4K Exp           485.00
                                  ------

        Total Expenses          2,264.90
                                --------

        Net Income             11,019.76
                               =========


[1] This dividend income includes all dividend income since the last
time the Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Fund balance was reconciled and was not
all earned during this period.



Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      52,683.84
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,985.12
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,389.51

     Total Current Assets                                164,058.47

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          164,058.47


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    97,062.09
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,601.22
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,139.70
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,322.53
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                14,180.59
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,450.05

        Total held in trust                              131,975.38

        General reserves                                  32,083.09

     Total Equity                                        164,058.47

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            164,058.47
</pre>

Additionally, Michael mentioned that additional information was provided to
the IRS (the US federal tax agency) regarding our 2007 annual filing with
them, at their request, and that our 2008 filing needs to be addressed by
November 15th at the latest, including available extensions. Bdale expressed
pleasure at the quality and currency of the monthly reports, and hoped for
that to continue. Other board members agreed.


## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided the following secretary's report.

> An application was received from the OpenWRT project to associate with
> SPI, along with a draft charter. A resolution to approve this is
> expected to be presented for voting at the March meeting. Also, Debian
> made a request for SPI to sign a contract with a non-profit which will
> be hosting a server on their behalf, as requested by that non-profit.
> We passed the contract by our lawyers, who made a few minor suggestions
> to improve convenience and the protections for SPI and Debian, which
> were approved by the other party. SPI President Bdale Garbee proceeded
> to sign the modified contract and send a copy to the hosting
> non-profit. No exchange of money whatsoever is involved with this
> hosting arrangement.


## Outstanding Minutes

Jimmy Kaplowitz said that, due to an extreme crunch period at work, he had not
caught up on minutes yet, and that there were none to vote on. A goal was set
of being able to approve the March 2008, December 2008, January 2009, and
February 2009 minutes during the March meeting, as well as the remaining
backlogged minutes once Martin Zobel-Helas has time to prepare them.

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1 - New affiliated project: Helios Initiative

Joshua D. Drake reported that SPI's lawyer saw no obstacle to approving the
Helios Initiative as an associated project, although certain details would
need to be carefully attended to. This resolution had been deferred from the
January meeting pending this advice; with this having been done, the
resolution was voted on.

Vote on Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1 - New affiliated project: Helios Initiative

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0.


## Other Business

Peter Palfrader, a member of Debian's system administration team, thanked SPI
for handling the contract with ISC, the non-profit mentioned in the
secretary's report, so quickly. Bdale praised the people at ISC and thanked
them for supporting Debian in this way.

Bdale Garbee mentioned that he is standing for a board position at the Linux
Foundation representing individual affiliated, with the hope of fostering
better cooperation between the Linux Foundation and SPI.

Joshua D. Drake stated that he has not forgotten about reviewing the
membership application despite being behind on doing so.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, March 18th, 2009 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

### Resolution 2009-01-09.jdd.1 - New affiliated project: Helios Initiative

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Helios Initiative is a substantial and useful open source project.

2. The Helios Initiative would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. The Helios Initiative is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

4. Currently, Ken Starks is recognised by SPI as the current
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for the Helios Initiative.
Successors will be appointed in turn by the sitting project liaison.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

