[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 20th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Luk Claes (luk_)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)


__Board members absent__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Moray Allan (moray)


These are the draft minutes for the May 20th, 2009 SPI Board meeting, held at
20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-05-20-log.txt)
(missing initial gavel and first three minutes of roll call, but no actual
business).


## President's Report

There was no president's report.

## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial report for April 2009.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period April 01, 2009 - April 30, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Gallery                             20.00
        SPI 5%                               1.00

        Total Ordinary Income               21.00
                                         --------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          39.68

        Total Interest Income               39.68
                                            -----

   Gross Income                             60.68
                                            -----

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses

        Freedesktop.org (FD.o)
          ICC Membership Fee      250.00

          Total FD.o Exp          250.00
                                  ------

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           0.54
          SPI 5%                    1.00

          Total Gallery Exp         1.54
                                    ----

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Postage                   1.25
          SSL Certificate          79.00
          Transaction Fees         16.26

          Total SPI Exp           126.46
                                  ------

        Total Expenses            378.00
                                  ------

        Net Income               (317.32)
                                =========



Balance Sheet as of April 30, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                       6,472.91
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings      193,128.42
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,389.51

     Total Current Assets                                212,990.84

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          212,990.84


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                   129,466.93
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,439.58
           Gallery Earmark                    5,839.90
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,239.80
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,359.41
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark        65.42
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                30,208.82
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,865.05

        Total held in trust                              180,644.61

        General reserves                                  32,346.23

     Total Equity                                        212,990.84

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            212,990.84
</pre>

Michael stated that the reason for the atypically low amount of income is
because most of April's donations were deposited on May 1st. He also noted that
the 2008 IRS Form 990 (an information-reporting return to federal tax
authorities) has not yet been filed, but that the accountants automatically
file extensions for SPI and that this extension filing actually occurred.


## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided the following secretary's report.

> As a reminder, next year's annual Debian Conference, DebConf10, will be
> in the US for the first time (specifically NYC), and so SPI will be
> serving as the local legal entity. I am the lead of the DebConf10 local
> team. In my role as SPI Secretary, I provided a visa invitation letter
> to a Debian participant who wishes to attend and who will need a visa.
> This letter was drafted in consultation with me by a lawyer, Frank
> Bynum, with knowledge of visa, immigration, and border law who has
> agreed to help DebConf10 with these issues.
> 
> Substantially the same letter, as modified for each visa applicant's
> individual circumstances, is expected to be used for the rest of the
> DebConf10 visa invitation letters, without further mention in SPI
> secretary's reports unless specific circumstances warrant it. I can
> provide the letter template to the board and others upon request, but
> DebConf does not wish to make it public to reduce the risk of abuse by
> those wishing to involve DebConf in illegal immigration attempts. (This
> happens every year, not just for the US-based conference.)

Some discussion about DebConf10 itself ensued, but there was no further
discussion on the secretary's report or on any other aspect of SPI's
relationship with DebConf10.


##Outstanding Minutes

Jimmy Kaplowitz again presented the March 2009 minutes, identical to
those approved in April except for the correction of a typo in Julien
Cristau's name.  These corrected minutes were accepted by unanimous
consent without an explicit vote. Jimmy then presented the April 2009
minutes for approval.

Vote to approve April 2009 minutes

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0.



## Other Business

David Graham noted that the June meeting is the last before SPI's 2009
elections. It was agreed that Jimmy, in his role as Secretary, would
work with the membership committee to ensure the list of members is up
to date and that the contributing members know how many seats are up for
election, so they can prepare to run.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, June 17th, 2009 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.oftc.net.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

(none)

