# Board Meeting, July 8th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets)__

* David Graham (cdlu)
* Luk Claes (luk)


__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)

__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)
* Julien Cristau (jcristau)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Moray Allan (moray)
* Christopher Bergström (codestr0m)
* MJ Ray (slef)


These are the draft minutes for the July 8th, 2009 SPI Annual Board
meeting, held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-07-08-log.txt)


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee provided the following president's report:

> Last month, I spent two weeks in Brazil including attending FISL 10. 
> Over 8200 people attended FISL, and the highlight for me was undoubtedly
> the visit by President Lula to the event.  I was one of about 10 people
> at the event invited to meet and speak with him semi-privately before
> his public talk.  The content of his talk has been reported elsewhere. 
> Suffice to say, it was an incredible experience to meet the president of
> the world's 12th largest economy in person, and hear him speak quite
> passionately about Free Software. I'm now looking forward to the Debconf
> later this month, at which we have an SPI BOF scheduled.  I hope all of
> you that plan to be there will participate in talking to interested DDs
> about the role SPI plays for Debian, answering questions, etc.


## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial report for June 2009.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period June 01, 2009 - June 30, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                           1,520.53
        Gallery                             70.00
        OpenOffice.org                   1,371.26
        PostgreSQL                         893.26
        Privoxy                             30.00
        SPI General                        410.64
        SPI 5%                             151.50
        The HeliOS Project                 405.00

        Total Ordinary Income            4,852.19
                                         --------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          39.69

        Total Interest Income               39.69
                                            -----

   Gross Income                          4,891.88
                                         --------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses

        Debian
          Processing Fees          58.90
          SPI 5%                   13.03

          Total Debian Exp         71.92
                                   -----


        Gallery
          Processing Fees           1.89
          SPI 5%                    3.50

          Total Gallery Exp         5.39
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org (OO.o)
          Processing Fees          54.25
          SPI 5%                   68.56

          Total OO.o Exp          122.81
                                  ------

        PostgreSQL
          Processing Fees          28.97
          SPI 5%                   44.66

          Total PostgreSQL Exp     73.63
                                   -----

        Privoxy
          Processing Fees           1.20
          SPI 5%                    1.50

          Total Privoxy Exp         2.70
                                    ----

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         23.55

          Total SPI Exp            53.50
                                   -----

        The HeliOS Project
          Exp Reimbursements      617.09

          Total HeliOS Exp        617.09
                                  ------

        Total Expenses            947.04
                                  ------

        Net Income              3,944.84
                                ========



Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      24,422.19
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings      193,209.12
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,389.51

     Total Current Assets                                231,020.82

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          231,020.82


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                   142,814.60
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,466.88
           Gallery Earmark                    6,069.48
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,248.90
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             4,094.71
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark        65.52
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                30,463.43
           Privoxy Earmark                       40.00
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,865.05
           The HeliOS Project                  (396.23)

        Total held in trust                              197,288.27

        General reserves                                  33,732.55

     Total Equity                                        231,020.82

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            231,020.82
</pre>

Michael stated that the negative balance for The HeliOS Project is due to a
quirk of SPI's accounting method, as was true in the previous treasurer's
report, and that under an accrual basis their balance is not negative. He
informed the Board that he was considering switching to accrual basis
accounting.


## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided the following secretary's report.

> Neil McGovern, a current board member who is vacating his seat at the
> conclusion of the currently ongoing SPI election, has kindly agreed to
> run this election. Also, contributing members were asked for feedback
> regarding Open64 and OSUNIX as potential new projects. A small amount of
> positive feedback was received and no negative feedback was received.


## Outstanding Minutes

Jimmy Kaplowitz presented the June 2009 minutes for approval.

Vote to approve April 2009 minutes

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.

## Items up for discussion

### SPI Board Elections

Jimmy Kaplowitz reminded attendees that the deadline to submit
nominations for the 2009 SPI board elections was July 13th, and that
nominations should be sent via email to Neil McGovern. One nomination
had been received as of the meeting.  Neil confirmed that the voting
software was operational and would work in the event that a vote was
necessary.

### Resolution 2009-07-06.jrk.1.bg.1: Open64 as associated project

After it was ascertained that the governance structure for Open64 as
described in the resolution had been acknowledged by Christopher
Bergström, the board proceeded to vote on the resolution.

Vote to approve Resolution 2009-07-06.jrk.1.bg.1

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Neil McGovern</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 2.

### Resolution 2009-07-06.jrk.2: OSUNIX as associated project

After some discussion, it became clear that the Board was uncomfortable
approving OSUNIX as an associated project until the outstanding
licensing-related legal issues were resolved. Therefore, after
requesting a second and not finding one, Jimmy Kaplowitz withdrew the
resolution without prejudice to re-proposing it after the resolution of
the licensing issues.

## Other Business

Jimmy Kaplowitz mentioned that he is seeking to be replaced as secretary
for the 2009-2010 board term. Neil McGovern thanked the board for an
interesting few years on it.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Wednesday, August 19th, 2009 at 20:00 UTC in
#spi on irc.oftc.net.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

### Resolution 2009-07-06.jrk.1.bg.1: Open64 as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. Open64 is a substantial and useful open source project.

 2. Open64 would like SPI's support and assistance, including taking
donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 3. Open64 is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004-08-10.iwj.1

 4. The Open64 Steering Committee acting by consensus resolution       
is recognized as the authoritative decision maker for Open64,         
and C. Bergström is recognized by SPI as the current designated       
liaison for Open64.                                                   

 5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted by the Open64          
Steering Committee, 60 days after it is approved by the SPI           
Board.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
