# Board Meeting, June 17th, 2009

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Secretary)
* David Graham (cdlu)
* Luk Claes (luk_)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* MJ Ray (slef)
* Kåre Thor Olsen (Kaare)


These are the draft minutes for the June 17th, 2009 SPI Board meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2009/2009-06-17-log.txt)


## President's Report

There was no president's report.


## Treasurer's Report

Michael Schultheiss provided the following financial report for May 2009.

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Income Statement
for the Period May 01, 2009 - May 31, 2009

 Income
   Ordinary Income
        Debian                          12,068.91
        Freedesktop.org                     30.00
        Gallery                            180.00
        Madwifi.org                         10.00
        OpenOffice.org                   1,622.47
        Open Voting Foundation               1.00
        PostgreSQL                         575.52
        Privoxy                             10.00
        SPI General                      1,058.00
        SPI 5%                             277.34
        The HeliOS Project               1,070.00

        Total Ordinary Income           16,903.24
                                        ---------

   Interest Income
        Key Bank Money Mkt Savings          41.01

        Total Interest Income               41.01
                                            -----

   Gross Income                         16,944.25
                                        ---------

 Expenses
  Ordinary Expenses

        Debian
          Processing Fees          66.40
          SPI 5%                  103.45

          Total Debian Exp        169.85
                                  ------

        Freedesktop.org (FD.o)
           Processing Fees          1.20
           SPI 5%                   1.50

           Total FD.o Exp           2.70
                                    ----

        Gallery
          Processing Fees           6.03
          SPI 5%                    9.00

          Total Gallery Exp        15.03
                                   -----

        Madwifi.org
          Processing Fees           0.40
          SPI 5%                    0.50

          Total Madwifi.org Exp     0.90
                                    ----

        OpenOffice.org (OO.o)
          Processing Fees          54.50
          SPI 5%                   81.12

          Total OO.o Exp          135.62
                                  ------

        OVF
          Processing Fees           0.04
          SPI 5%                    0.05

          Total OVF Exp             0.09
                                    ----
        PostgreSQL
          LinuxWorld NW 2009      293.76
          Processing Fees          21.07
          SPI 5%                   27.72
          Travel Reimbursement    797.99

          Total PostgreSQL Exp  1,140.54
                                --------

        Privoxy
          Processing Fees           0.40
          SPI 5%                    0.50

          Total Privoxy Exp         0.90
                                    ----

        SPI
          PaySimple Monthly Fee    29.95
          Transaction Fees         18.04

          Total SPI Exp            47.99
                                   -----

        The HeliOS Project
          Exp Reimbursements     1,254.14

          Total HeliOS Exp       1,254.14
                                 --------

        Total Expenses          2,767.67
                                --------

        Net Income             14,176.58
                               =========



Balance Sheet as of May 31, 2009

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      20,490.54
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings      193,169.43
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,389.51

     Total Current Assets                                227,049.48

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          227,049.48


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                   141,365.99
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,466.88
           Gallery Earmark                    6,004.87
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,248.90
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             2,846.26
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark        65.52
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                29,643.80
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   1,865.05
           The HeliOS Project                  (184.14)

        Total held in trust                              193,676.07

        General reserves                                  33,373.41

     Total Equity                                        227,049.48

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            227,049.48
</pre>

Michael noted that the negative balance for The HeliOS Project is due to
a quirk of SPI's accounting method, and that under an accrual basis
their balance is not negative. In response to a query from Martin
Zobel-Helas, he informed the meeting that roughly $36,000 of Debian's
funds held by SPI are reserved for DebConf.


## Secretary's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided the following secretary's report.

> The Open64 project has asked for association with SPI. In order to allow
> time for the contributing membership to be consulted via spi-private and
> a proper resolution to be drafted, I have not added it to the agenda for
> the June meeting. It is likely to be on the agenda for the July
> meeting.

Jimmy said he would email the contributing membership about this project
and another potential new project in an earlier stage of the application
process.


## Outstanding Minutes

Martin Zobel-Helas said that he hopes to prepare the three remaining 2008
minutes during the 2009 DebCamp _(secretary's note: this runs from July 16th
to July 23rd, 2009)_.

Jimmy Kaplowitz requested and received unanimous consent to re-approve
the April 2009 minutes, the sole change from their previously approved
state being a correction to which sets of minutes were approved at the
April meeting.

Jimmy then presented the May 2009 minutes for approval.

Vote to approve April 2009 minutes

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>David Graham</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luk Claes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1.


## Other Business

Jimmy agreed to work with Neil McGovern to ensure the readiness of SPI's
voting web application for the upcoming election, and to send an email
within a few days announcing the election.

C\. Bergström, SPI liaison for two potential new associated projects,
encouraged those listening to ask any questions regarding Open64 during
the meeting or outside of it. None were asked during the meeting.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until the annual board meeting, which will be
held on Wednesday, July 8th, 2009 at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.oftc.net.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz </td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2008</td><td>David Graham</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Luk Claes</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2007</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2006</td><td>Neil McGovern</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

(none)

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
