[[!meta title="Resolution 2024-03-25.jln.1: Rocket (RWF2) as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2024-03-25.jln.1: Rocket (RWF2) as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI via an
[email vote](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-15.dbg.1/) concluded on March 25, 2024.

WHEREAS

1. Rocket (RWF2) is a substantial and significant Free Software project,
   engaged in the development of a web framework for Rust.

2. The Rocket (RWF2) developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project expenses,
   signing contracts, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Rocket (RWF2) is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
   at [https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/)

4. Sergio Benitez is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
   and SPI liaison for Rocket (RWF2). Successors will be appointed by the
   [RWF2 board](https://github.com/orgs/rwf2/people) via direcy majority of
   present vote.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for Rocket (RWF2) is unreachable and no new
   SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
