[[!meta title="Resolution 2024-03-11.js.1: Gentoo Linux as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [March 11, 2024](/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-03-11/).

# Resolution 2024-03-11.js.1: Gentoo Linux as an associated project

WHEREAS

1. Gentoo Linux is a substantial and significant free/libre open
   source software project providing a source-based Linux
   distribution with a particular focus on flexibility.

2. The Gentoo Linux project would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project
   expenses, holding substantial and intangible assets, signing
   contracts, accounting, auditing, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Gentoo Linux is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
   Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects,
   SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy
   of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Robin Johnson is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI Liaison for Gentoo Linux, with Andreas K. Hüttel
   serving as a deputy contact in cases where the liaison is
   unavailable. Successors will be appointed by a vote of the Gentoo
   Council.

5. If the last known SPI Liaison or deputy for Gentoo Linux is
   unreachable and no new SPI Liaison is appointed for two
   consecutive years, the associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
