[[!meta title="Resolution 2024-10-14.jln.1: Removing Gallery as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2024-10-14.jln.1: Removing Gallery as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [October 14, 2024](/meetings/minutes/2024/2024-10-14/).

WHEREAS

1. Gallery is currently an SPI associated project.

2. The Gallery project, an open source photo sharing web application, has
been defunct for many years and is no longer under active development.

3. The Gallery project liaison has proposed that it should be removed
from the list of active SPI projects.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Gallery is removed from the list of SPI associated projects.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Gallery.

3. SPI will endeavor in good faith to identify and contact the latest
donors to the Gallery project whose donations were not used, to inquire
if they wish to repurpose earmarked donations or have them returned.
Donors claiming refunds may be required to fill Form 1040X and submit
the amendment to the IRS.

4. If the earmarking of the remaining assets was done in error, the
earmark will be rectified and the money will be deposited in SPI
General Fund.

5. This is subject to any undischarged obligations SPI may have with
respect to Gallery. We are not aware of any such undischarged
obligations. We ask anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30
days of this resolution.

