[[!meta title="Resolution 2020-04-13.cl.0: Ganeti as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2020-04-13.cl.0: Ganeti as an Associated Project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [April 13, 2020](/meetings/minutes/2020/2020-04-13/).

WHEREAS

Ganeti is a virtual machine cluster management tool built on top of
existing virtualization technologies such as KVM or Xen and other open
source software. Ganeti requires pre-installed virtualization software
on your servers in order to function. Once installed, Ganeti controls
virtual servers (instances) by managing:

  * disk creation,
  * operating system installation for instances (in co-operation with
    OS-specific install scripts), and
  * startup, shutdown, and failover between physical systems.

Ganeti is designed to facilitate cluster management of virtual servers
and to provide fast and simple recovery after physical failures using
commodity hardware.

The Ganeti developers would like SPI's support and assistance
including accepting donations and holding funds, holding intangible
assets such as domain names, and other technical services such as
authoritative nameservers.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

Ganeti is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be
found at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

Sascha Lucas <sascha_lucas@web.de> is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Ganeti. Successors
will be appointed by the outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI
liaison is unavailable or refuses to appoint a successor, by voting/
consensus on a monthly audio conference or on the <ganeti-
orga@googlegroups.com> mailing list. Rudolph Bott <bott@sipgate.de> is
recognised as a backup contact.

If the last known SPI liaison for Ganeti is missing in action, and no
new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the associated
project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a
majority vote of the Ganeti project as per the process above.

