[[!meta title="Resolution 2020-09-18.cl.0: ns-3 as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2020-04-13.cl.0: ns-3 as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

ns-3 is a scientific computing software for developing discrete-event
network simulations in order to conduct performance studies on computer
networks. ns-3 is licensed under GNU GPLv2. The project was founded in
the 2005-06 timeframe as a major rewrite of a predecessor tool (ns-2).

The project mainly uses mailing lists and chat for communications, and
uses the GitLab.com service for code hosting. There are roughly 1500
subscribers to our developers mailing list, 9,000 subscribers to our
users forum, and between 10-20 people listed as a maintainer at any
given time. The ns-3 project makes 2-3 releases annually.

The ns-3 developers would like SPI's support and assistance around
accepting donations and holding funds, for example, GSoC payments and
travel reimbursements. They are also interested in SPI holding
trademarks on behalf of the ns-3 project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

ns-3 is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be
found at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1

Thomas (Tom) Henderson <tomh@tomh.org> is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for ns-3. Successors
will be appointed by the outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI
liaison is unavailable or refuses to appoint a successor, by voting/
consensus.

If the last known SPI liaison for ns-3 is missing in action, and no
new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the associated
project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a
majority vote of the ns-3 project as per the process above.
