[[!meta title="Resolution 2004-01-06.jrk.1.br.1: Elect New Treasurer"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2004-01-06.jrk.1.br.1: Elect New Treasurer

January 6th, 2004

The board of directors approved the resolution below using e-mail
voting.

### Whereas

1. Branden Robinson has expressed a desire to resign his position as
   Treasurer, leaving that position vacant;

2. The position of Treasurer is essential to several SPI functions,
   including the handling of donations to SPI, and must therefore be
   filled as quickly as is reasonably possible;

3. All recent additions to the Board have been elected, reflecting the
   Board's accountability to the contributing membership of SPI;

4. The Board is obligated to add new officers in the same manner as it
   adds other Board members;

### The Board resolves that

1. The Board of Directors calls an election of the contributing
   membership for the vacant position of Treasurer and the associated
   seat on the board of directors.

2. The election shall be organized and overseen by the SPI Secretary or
   his designate.

3. The period of nomination for candidates shall begin immediately upon
   passage of this resolution and shall have a duration of 7 days. The
   election overseer, as mentioned in paragraph 5 above, shall make
   timely announcements of the beginning and end of this period and of
   all nominations validly made.

4. Only self-nominations shall be allowed, and nomination will be done
   through email to the election overseer and to an SPI mailing list
   accessible to all contributing members.

5. Candidates must submit position statements during the nomination
   period. All submitted position statements will not be made available
   until the end of the nomination period, whereupon they will be
   simultaneously published on SPI's website.

6. Candidates and voters shall both be contributing members.

7. If there is only one valid nomination by the end of the nomination
   period, the sole nominee shall be immediately appointed to the board
   of directors of Software in the Public Interest, Inc., if he or she
   is not already on the board, and shall then assume the duties of
   Treasurer. Otherwise, the following shall apply:

8. The voting period shall begin immediately upon the conclusion of the
   nomination period and shall have a duration of 7 days. The election
   overseer shall make timely announcements of the beginning and end of
   this period and of the verified results of the voting.

9. The voting shall take place on the Software in the Public Interest
   website using the Condorcet election method.

10. The most preferred candidate, as determined by the method stated
    above, is hereby appointed to the board of directors of Software in
    the Public Interest, Inc., replacing Branden Robinson, 7 days after
    the election overseer announces the verified results, if he or she
    is not already on the board, and shall then assume the office of
    Treasurer.

11. While the board may repeal paragraph 13 before the appointment takes
    effect, the board resolves to do so only if there are problems with
    the conduct or integrity of the election.

