# 2004-06-01.dbg.2: Annual meeting board member elections

June 1st, 2004

The following resolution has been accepted by the Board of Directors
of Software in the Public Interest.

This resolution supercedes [2004-06-01.dbg.1](../2004-06-01.dbg.1)

1. Whereas members of the board of directors' terms expire at the end of 3

2. Whereas expired board members do not need to leave the board until
   their replacements are appointed;

3. Whereas the number of members of the board is a variable between 8 and
   12;

### The board resolves that:

1. At every annual meeting an election will be launched to replace all
   members of the board of directors, regardless of their roles, including
   officers, who have sat without re-election for at least 3 years at the
   conclusion of the election period.

2. Board members who step down prior to their replacements being selected
   need not be replaced unless the total number of board members falls
   below 8.

3. The elections shall take place over 4 weeks.

  * From July 1 to the end of July 14 of every year, nominations will be
    open and anyone may enter the race for a seat that is available.
  * From July 15 to the end of July 28 all contributing members may
    enter their vote using the Condorcet system used in previous
    elections.
  * At the start of the day on July 29th, the results will be announced
    by the current secretary, or a member of the Board not seeking
    reelection in the event that the secretary's seat is up for
    election.
  *  The "end" of days refers to midnight universal time coordinated.

4. New board member seats take effect immediately upon the announcements
   of results;

5. The board shall elect from among its ranks all officers at the first
   Board meeting following the election.
