[[!meta title="Platform for Jimmy Kaplowitz"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2011 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Position statement for Jimmy Kaplowitz

I'm running to retain my seat on the SPI board of directors. I've been
paying attention to SPI affairs since 2001, not long after I became a
member of the Debian project. In addition to remaining a Debian
developer I am also a member of a second SPI associated project, namely
the IRC network OFTC.

Early in my time working with SPI I participated in the bylaws
committee, which made an initial attempt to revise our bylaws to better
match the way SPI operates. Although this did not succeed due to the
infeasibly high amendment threshold and the relative unavailability of
our legal counsel at the time, the efforts then will still be of use
when we return our collective attention to this task.

Subsequently, I have served on the board for most of the time since
2004, including periods as Treasurer and as Secretary. During this time
I transitioned our recordkeeping from a previous state where we couldn't
even keep track of donations received to a mostly-monthly set of
periodic reports in substantially the format used today by our current
Treasurer. Treasurers after me, of course, made many further
enhancements to all aspects of our finances.

I have also kept close track of certain regulatory requirements,
recently working with current Treasurer Michael Schultheiss and current
President Bdale Garbee in a successful effort to get SPI properly
registered with the New York Attorney General's Charities Bureau.
Besides being a legal requirement, this will make donors and sponsors
who engage in due diligence more willing to support our projects and our
mission.

Today, SPI effectively provides many valuable services to an increasing
number of projects, and therefore this edition of my position statement
has fewer things which I want to fix.

Other than finally reforming our bylaws, the biggest priority I can
think of is familiarizing SPI associated projects other than Debian with
what we do for them, and involving them in expanding our manpower and
our services. One good step toward this would be to have an SPI
presentation and Q&A session (aka BoF) at conferences other than
DebConf, where this is already an annual tradition.

Another worthwhile improvement would be to involve more volunteers than
simply the nine members of the SPI board of directors. This requires
expanding awareness of, and interest in, SPI, of course.

We are also rapidly approaching the level of competence where it may be
worth considering if there are ways within our corporate purposes that
we can expand our operational mission. None of these expansions are
required for SPI to be successful in my opinion, and all of them would
require significantly more manpower from the board and the member
community, and possibly fundraising and/or paid staff. If we do want
to scale up for the good of our projects and the free software world,
some ways in which we could make even more of an impact include:

* Creating one or more affiliated entity/ies (but separate for tax
  purposes) that can do more explicit political, lobbying, or
  legislative work without getting SPI into tax trouble;
* Creating SPI branches, subsidiaries, or sister organizations based in
  countries other than the United States;
* Creating a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary through which associated
  projects who desire this can sell merchandise to the general public,
  or doing this via SPI directly (still taxably) if the law so allows;
* Founding a nonprofit financial institution (such as a US credit union)
  to SPI contributing members, including members of associated
  projects, where some of the retained earnings could support the
  activities of SPI and its projects;
* Figuring out some way within the law (with or without a new legal
  entity) to assist better in funding individual developers' time to
  work on free software, especially that of our associated projects;
* Hiring a part-time executive director as an employee of SPI to handle
  some of the administrative work that currently is either
  disproportionally forced onto the Treasurer's busy schedule or
  deferred until it is urgent; and
* _________. I'm sure I haven't thought of everything. What are your
  ideas?

I would love to pursue some of these goals, your goals, or simply the
goal of helping SPI continue to provide its current excellent services
well.  To facilitate that, please re-elect me to the SPI board.

And, whether I continue as an SPI director or not, please pay attention
and get involved! To my knowledge, there is no comparable democratic,
transparent, high-efficiency umbrella nonprofit in the free software
world. While the other organizations perform useful services in their
own styles, your attention will help keep SPI's unique offering healthy
and relevant.

Thank you for your consideration,

Jimmy Kaplowitz
jimmy@spi-inc.org

