[[!meta title="Resolution 1999-08-13.nl: Guidelines for Equipment and Service Donations"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 1999-08-13.nl: Guidelines for Equipment and Service Donations
    
August 13th, 1999

The resolution below has been accepted and approved by the SPI Board of
Directors through email voting on August 19, 1999.

### General Guidelines for Donations

All equipment will be used to further the goals of SPI and its
supported projects, and will be used in accordance with all SPI rules and
regulations.

The criterion for differentiating between donated and loaned equipment
shall be whether or not a transfer of ownership from the donor to SPI has
taken place.

Any restrictions or usage requirements on donations must be stated at
the time of donation. These restrictions are not subject to change after
the assets have been transferred to SPI. Restrictions on loans may be
changed as described below.

### Equipment Guidelines

For the purposes of this agreement, "equipment" is understood to mean any
physical or monetary asset that is given, transferred or otherwise donated
to SPI for the purposes of furthering the SPI effort or SPI supported
projects.

Donations of equipment can be marked for a specific project, or for SPI
in general. The latter is preferred as it allows SPI more flexibility in
the usage of equipment.

Equipment can be donated for a specific purpose. SPI will make every
attempt to use it for the specified purpose, but may at its discretion
(and the discretion of the project that it was earmarked for, if
applicable) change its use if this is deemed necessary and does not
violate any of the restrictions imposed by the donor.

Equipment that is on loan to SPI or to a supported project will be
considered a service, and will be used under the service guidelines.

### Service Guidelines

For the purposes of this agreement, "service" is understood to mean any
asset which SPI has been granted use of, but does not own, for the
purposes of furthering the SPI effort or SPI supported projects. Services
might include, but are not limited to, donated network bandwidth, usage of
computing equipment or other physical equipment, usage of space within a
technical facility or other facility, or services of personnel.

If the donor wishes to change the conditions under which the service is
donated or withdraw the service, they should inform SPI (and the project
that the service is donated to, if applicable) 15 days in advance.

If SPI (or the project that the service is donated to, if applicable)
wishes to change the usage of the service, or use the service in a manner
contrary to that initially specified, they must obtain permission from the
service donor in advance.

