[[!meta title="Resolution 1999-09-21.iwj: Charter for Project Committee"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 1999-09-21.iwj: Charter for Project Committee

September 21st, 1999

The resolution below has been accepted and unanimously approved at the
general meeting of Software in the Public Interest, Inc. on September 21,
1999.

A charter is hereby granted for the formation and operation of a committee
within the guidelines and objectives stated herein. The committee shall
operate in the best interest of SPI and is responsible to the board of
directors and membership of the organization.

### Purpose of the Committee

A Sponsored Project is a project which receives assistance or services
from SPI. This committee shall be in charge of evaluating offers of or
requests for assistance from projects.

Basic services may be granted to projects directly by the committee, but
more complex services shall be decided upon by the board of directors upon
the recommendation of the project committee.

The committee is granted the power to give assistance to projects requiring
basic services. It may make recommendations of support to the board of
directors in cases where a vote is necessary, as is the case for decisions
concerning assisting projects requiring more complex services.

Basic services consist of commonly used resources for projects.
Complex services consist of resources and assets that must be more tightly
controlled.

### Basic Services:

* FTP server
* Web server
* Mailing lists
* CVS servers (both development and anonymous servers)
* other services requiring only computer administration

### Complex Services:

* Monetary management (projects that would like their donations and expenses
  to be handled by SPI)
* Monetary assistance (projects that are looking for donations from SPI's
  accounts)
* Intellectual Property Management
* Legal Resources
* any other services which require action by SPI other than computer
  administration

### Operating Guidelines

The committee shall operate openly in the view of the public whenever
possible, but may, at the discretion of the committee members, operate
privately from time to time if this is deemed necessary.

Subject to the approval of the board, the committee may make
reasonable procedures for transacting its business (including
delegating it to other members of the organization). The committee
should set up appropriate and reasonable guidelines for its operation
and decisions as soon as possible.

### Membership and Organization

This committee will be run by a chairman who is appointed by the board.
The chairman and the board have the power to add members to the committee.
Committee members may only be removed by a vote of the board of directors,
but may resign from the committee at any time.

