[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 14th, 2018

__Board members present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)
* R\. Tyler Croy (rtyler)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Tim Potter (tpot)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton|work)


These are the minutes for the May 14th, 2018 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2018/2018-05-14-log.txt).


## President's Report

<pre>
Generally, I'm happy with the progress over the last few weeks.  The
by-laws are getting very close now, we've been in contact with existing
and potential projects and the activity of the board has been good.

However, I'm disappointed that despite all the efforts we still haven't
managed to close the books for 2017 and get treasurer reports done.
This has to be the key priority for the coming weeks.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss and Martin Zobel-Helas have continued to work on closing out 2017 and processing the treasurer-ap and treasurer-ar queues. Schultheiss will show Zobel-Helas how to process the treasurer-ar queues as soon as they can make time, potentially this coming week. Martin Michlmayr began reviewing the 2017 treasurer reports. Michlmayr reached out to Dimitri Ledkov for help but has not heard back. Zobel-Helas began processing 2018 transactions. Michlmayr thanks Zobel-Helas for his work on 2018 because there are outstanding questions from X.Org and Debian regarding sponsorship payments.

Michlmayr also remarks that Nils Lohner, president of SPI many years back, is still listed on some IRS communications. Schultheiss states he will file the IRS form "Change of Address or Responsible Party -- Business".  Michlmayr also notes the form should be added to a "to do" list for the annual officer elections.

Michlmayr thanks Schultheiss and Zobel-Helas for their work on the treasurer reports and Tim Potter and Andrew Tridgell for their work on the PayPal scripts.

## Secretary's report

Nothing to report.

## Outstanding minutes

<b>Vote on Meeting Minutes for 9th April 2018:</b>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>R. Tyler Croy</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain, 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### IT Plan

Luca Filipozzi unfortunately couldn't make the meeting due to a conflict. Martin Michlmayr notes that Luca Filipozzi has been active on the IT front and thanks him for his work.

### DebConf BOF

Martin Zobel-Helas submitted a BOF meeting for the 2018 Debian Conference. Jimmy Kaplowitz might be able to attend DebConf as well. Zobel-Helas has lots of SPI stickers to give out at the conference.

## Any other business

Jimmy Kaplowitz provided a status summary for bylaws work:

<pre>
I think the new bylaw wording is ready for a member vote. Just before this
meeting I emailed the board, and also two members previously vocal on this
topic, the current draft for your/their feedback before broad circulation
on -general. Next steps are outlined more fully in that email, but I now
anticipate a board vote in June or July, then a member vote after a
post-election inactive member cleanup. Thanks for bearing with me and Mishi
as this process has proceeded!
</pre>

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, June 11th, 2018 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>March 2018</td><td>R. Tyler Croy</td><td>Interim Director</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Tim Potter</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
