[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 10th, 2018

__Board members present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)

__Board members absent__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Hans Tovetjärn (totte)

These are the minutes for the December 10th, 2018 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2018/2018-12-10-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
I don't have a lot to report this month; most time was spent on US
holiday stuff, being sick, and starting a new day job.

I'm at least pleased to report that the new job (with Plotly) doesn't
add a conflict of interest with SPI and seems supportive of my
continued involvement. I'll pay attention to my level of availability
going forward and will make any necessary adjustments.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Zobel and I are continuing to work on outstanding treasurer tasks and
hope to be caught up shortly.

I'm done with $DAYJOB for the year as of 2018-12-14 and will have more
time to work on outstanding issues.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
The website is now to date on minutes including face-to-face minutes
from New York meeting. Started work on bylaws vote. Still planning to
have this happen mid-January 2019.
</pre>

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Face-to-Face Minutes for Friday-Saturday, 5-6 October 2018

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain and 0 missing.

### Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday 12th November 2018

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain and 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### Spring face-to-face meeting

It was decided after discussion that both a treasurer sprint and a
board meeting would take place in New York City on the 27th-28th of
February and 1st-2nd of March 2019, respectively. Martin Michlmayr
agreed to organize and perform the logistics for meetings around
those dates.

## Any other business

Tim Potter questioned whether and where to check in notes made
during the face-to-face with Mishi which are privileged and so
should not be made public. Jimmy Kaplowitz recommended checking
them into the board-private git repository.

A conference call to discuss agenda and details for the spring
face-to-face meeting was scheduled for January 14th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, February 11th, 2019 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
