[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 13th, 2018

__Board members present__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Tim Potter (tpot)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)


These are the minutes for the August 13th, 2018 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2018/2018-08-13-log.txt).


## President's Report

Martin Michlmayr was unable to attend at the last minute and no President's
Report was made available before the meeting.

## Treasurer's report

Martin Zobel-Helas published the final reports for 2017 via the SPI
website.  Michael Schultheiss and Zobel-Helas are working through
outstanding reimbursements and should have the June and July
treasurer's reports out soon. Reimbursements are in progress for
DebConf18.

## Secretary's report

In the absence of secretary Valerie Young, Filipozzi presented the following
highlights. A board election was held and
three vacancies were filled. A membership ping was undertaken in
preparation for the bylaw vote. People unaware of the vote (which was
announced on the announcement mailing list) who were pinged expressed
unhappiness with the lack of direct notification about the vote.

## Outstanding minutes

### Monday, 11th June 2018

The minutes for the meeting on 11th June 2018 are still outstanding.

### Monday 9th July 2018

The minutes for the meeting on 9th July 2018 are still outstanding.

## Appointment of board officers

Four positions were open for election during this meeting.

### Secretary

Tim Potter was elected unopposed to the position of Secretary.

### Treasurer

Michael Schultheiss was elected unopposed to the position of Treasurer.

### Vice President

Luca Filipozzi was elected unopposed to the position of Vice President.

### President

Martin Michlmayr and Jimmy Kaplowitz nominated themselves for
the position of President.  Michlmayr commented that he would have less
time this year and recommended Kaplowitz who would have more time.  Jimmy
Kaplowitz was elected to the position four to two, with one abstention.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.1: Removal of OSUNIX as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.2: Removal of Path64 as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.3: Removal of TideSDK as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.4: Removal of Fresco as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-08-10.mm.1: Removal of Open64 as an associated project

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### IT plan

Luca Filipozzi briefly expressed the need for a clear direction on
whether to pursue 'serverless' (i.e., find service providers for
everything we do) or 'server' (meaning we'll get a few EC2 instances)
with hopefully an almost unanimous agreement by the board. As we have
cash available Filipozzi mentioned that our IT plan shouldn't be about cost
but rather whether we should outsource (effectively).

It was agreed to start and continue the discussion over the board
mailing list.

## Any other business

### Face-to-face meeting

It was agreed to give Valerie Young some more time to express a
preference for a date for the face-to-face meeting, currently a tie
between October 6th and November 10th.

### Bylaw vote

It was agreed that Stephen Frost will attempt to automate the bylaw
vote request emails by mid-September.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, September 10th, 2018 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Valerie Young</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2018-07-09.mm.1: Removal of MadWifi as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. MadWifi became an Associated Project of SPI in 2008.

2. The goal of the MadWifi project was to coordinate development of
   the Atheros drivers for Linux.

3. The MadWifi driver has been obsoleted by ath5k and ath9k, which are
   both part of the Linux kernel now.  Development of these drivers is
   taken care of by the Linux kernel programmers.

4. The MadWifi project is no longer active.

5. Donations to the MadWifi project were made to improve Atheros and
   wireless support for Linux.

5. The MadWifi project has voted to transfer its assets held by SPI
   to the OpenWrt project.  OpenWrt performs significant work on
   improving wireless support for Linux.

6. While the MadWifi project is no longer active, they would like to
   preserve the domain name and web site for historical purposes.

7. The OpenWrt project has agreed to take on stewardship of the assets
   previously intended for MadWifi.  The OpenWrt project has confirmed
   that it intends to preserve the MadWifi domain name(s) and
   website(s) as long as they are deemed relevant.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. MadWifi will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of MadWifi.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money, domain names, and
   any future donations, held by SPI on behalf of MadWifi, will
   henceforth be held on behalf of OpenWrt.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations MadWifi may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask
   anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this
   resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.1: Removal of OSUNIX as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. OSUNIX became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. The goal of OSUNIX was to be the first entirely open source
   OpenSolaris technology distribution.

3. OSUNIX is no longer active.

4. Donations to OSUNIX were made to improve open source OpenSolaris
   technologies.

5. OSUNIX project liaison Christopher Bergström has decided to transfer
   funds held by SPI to the OpenZFS project, another SPI Associated
   Project based on technology from OpenSolaris.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. OSUNIX will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of OSUNIX.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of OSUNIX, will henceforth be held
   on behalf of OpenZFS.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations OSUNIX may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.2: Removal of Path64 as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Path64 became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. Path64 was the open source community version of PathScale's
   compiler.

3. The Path64 project is no longer active.

4. Path64 project liaison Christopher Bergström has decided to transfer
   funds held by SPI to the OpenZFS project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Path64 will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Path64.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of Path64, will henceforth be held
   on behalf of OpenZFS.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Path64 may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.3: Removal of TideSDK as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. TideSDK became an Associated Project of SPI in 2012.

2. TideSDK was an HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript framework.

3. The TideSDK project is no longer active.

4. SPI made several unsuccessful attempts to contact project liaison
   David Pratt.

5. SPI could not locate anyone from the TideSDK project team.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. TideSDK will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of TideSDK.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
   donations, held by SPI on behalf of TideSDK, will henceforth be moved
   to SPI's general fund.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations TideSDK may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-07-13.mm.4: Removal of Fresco as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Fresco is an Associated Project of SPI.

2. Fresco (originally named the Berlin Project) was a windowing system
   derived from a powerful structured graphics toolkit originally based
   on InterViews.

3. The Fresco project is no longer active.

4. SPI doesn't hold any assets on behalf of the Fresco project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Fresco will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Fresco.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Fresco may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-08-10.mm.1: Removal of Open64 as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Open64 became an Associated Project of SPI in 2011.

2. Open64 is an open source compiler based on Pro64.

3. SPI does not currently hold any funds or other assets for Open64.

4. SPI has not provided any services to Open64 in several years.

5. Open64 project representative Aida Rivas and Shin-Ming Liu agree
   with the termination of the relationship between SPI and Open64.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Open64 will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Open64.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Open64 may have.
   We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask anyone
   who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

