[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 10th, 2018

__Board members present__

* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca) (Vice President)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Board advisors present__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Zbigniew Jędrzejewski-Szmek (zbyszek)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)

These are the minutes for the September 10th, 2018 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2018/2018-09-10-log.txt).

## President's Report

Jimmy Kaplowitz presented the following President's report:

<pre>
Thanks for choosing last month to give me a chance as SPI President. I'll try
to learn from the great examples set by Martin Michlmayr and Bdale Garbee and
will do my best to meet SPI's needs.

My SPI work this month has involved signing several routine letters and
agreements for Debian and X.org, coordinating logistics for the upcoming SPI
face-to-face meeting, and discussing systemd and ProteanOS as possible
associated projects with the various stakeholders inside and outside SPI. We
are deferring the ProteanOS candidacy for further discussion, but systemd
remains an agenda item today.

I greatly appreciate the help provided by many directors on several of these
tasks, especially Martin Michlmayr and Luca Filipozzi.

All of us on the board also want to acknowledge and thank Valerie Young for her
time as SPI director, which ends after today according to her resignation
email, and for her past service as Secretary.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Martin Zobel-Helas and Martin Michlmayr are working on finalizing
our treasurer ledger information and should have the outstanding
reports out soon. Michael Schultheiss indicated that there will be a
treasurer sprint prior to the SPI face-to-face meeting in New York
City in October. Zobel-Helas has recently focused on DebConf18 Travel
reimbursements, while Schultheiss did many other reimbursements over
the last few weeks. Schultheiss indicated in response to Jimmy Kaplowitz's
question that the Treasurer's Report to be presented at the
face-to-face meeting will include data up to August and perhaps
September depending on availability.

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter expressed satisfaction at a successful handover of
information about the secretarial duties from Valerie Young, and is
coming up to speed with the role.

## Outstanding minutes

### Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 11th June 2018

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 2 abstain and 0 missing.

### Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 9th July 2018

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain and 0 missing.

### Vote on Meeting Minutes for Monday, 13th August 2018

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain and 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1: systemd as associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1: Establishing additional SPI bank accounts

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

### Appoint Dimitri John Ledkov as interim director from September 11, 2018 through the 2019 SPI board elections

Jimmy Kaplowitz acknowledged the stepping down of Valerie Young as
director in the President's Report. A call for interim directors
since the previous meeting resulted in only Dimitri John Ledkov
expressing an interest in the position.

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain and 0 missing.

## Any other business

There was no other business considered.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, October 5th, 2018 at the
face-to-face meeting in New York City.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td></tr>
<tr><td>September 2018</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2017</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2018-08-24.mm.1: Removal of the HeliOS Project as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The HeliOS Project became an Associated Project of SPI in 2009.

2. The HeliOS Project rescued computers and rebuilt/refurbished them and
gave them to disadvantaged Central Texas children.

3. The HeliOS Project no longer exists as a standalone project and its
activities have been taken on by the Reglue project.

4. SPI doesn't hold any assets on behalf of the HeliOS Project.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The HeliOS Project will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of the HeliOS
Project.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations the HeliOS Project may
have.  We are not aware of any such undischarged obligations.  We ask
anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-09-02.jrk.1: systemd as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. systemd is a substantial and significant Free Software project,
currently serving as the default init system for most major GNU/Linux
distributions including SPI associated projects Debian, Arch Linux, and
aptosid.

2. The systemd developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including accepting donations, holding funds, and holding intangible
assets.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. systemd is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
at https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Lennart Poettering is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for systemd. The SPI liaison for systemd may name
arbitrary members of the systemd project as successors and delegates.

3. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

### Resolution 2018-09-10.mzh.1: Establishing additional SPI bank accounts

<pre>
WHEREAS
1. SPI's deposits on hand at its current banks are approaching the limit
   of FDIC insured funds.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The Treasurer is authorized to open new checking, savings, and other
   accounts for Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (SPI) at additional
   financial institutions to meet the financial needs of SPI.

2. The signatories on the account will include the following:
   James R. Kaplowitz (President)
   Michael Schultheiss (Treasurer)
   Martin Zobel-Helas (Director)
</pre>
