[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2008-11-19

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of Wednesday, November 19th,
2008, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [March 19th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-03-19/) (Neil McGovern)
   2. [April 16th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-04-16/) (Neil McGovern)
   3. [May 21th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-05-21/) (Neil McGovern)
   4. [June 18th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-06-18/) (Neil McGovern)
   5. [July 2nd, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-07-02/) (Neil McGovern)
   6. [August 20th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-08-20/) (Neil McGovern)
   7. [October 15th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-10-15/) (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
7. Items up for discussion:
   1. (none besides the above)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting - Wednesday, December 17th, 2008, 20:00 UTC

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
Treasurer's Note:

An Income Statement for the period 2008-10-15 through 2008-11-18 is in
the process of being drafted but it's unlikely that the income statement
will be complete before the SPI board meeting at 20:00 UTC today.  I'll
complete the Income Statement ASAP and send it out by 2008-11-22.  I
apologize for the delay.

======================

This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Balance Sheet as of November 18, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      32,741.73
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,779.62
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,336.39

     Total Current Assets                                143,857.74

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          143,857.74


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    80,565.77
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            1,666.83
           Gallery Earmark                    5,974.69
           GNOME Earmark                         20.00
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                1,004.11
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,185.32
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                11,272.42
           Tux4Kids Earmark                   3,325.05

        Total held in trust                              114,566.56

        General reserves                                  29,291.18

     Total Equity                                        143,857.74

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            143,857.74
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<i>(This was my secretary's report from a month ago; in the near future I will
email this to an SPI mailing list to get volunteers. I will aim to use the
spi-www mailing list to coordinate discussion between me and the volunteers. It
would also be helpful if the webmaster email alias could forward to the spi-www
list and be subject to the same spam filtering that keeps spi-www and most SPI
lists spam-free.) </i>

<pre>
I would like volunteers to help move the website away from Plone
and generally keep it more accurate and up-to-date, given that
it's too cumbersome and buggy to use effectively. I would like
to retain the ability to do web-based editing as well as restore
the ability to do VCS-based editing. Therefore, something like
ikiwiki might make sense.

If you want to volunteer, email secretary@spi-inc.org and
admin@spi-inc.org, express your interest, and say what time,
effort, and skills you can offer. Also, as requested by the SPI
admin team, please explicitly acknowledge that while your opinion
as the person doing the work will be seriously considered and will
definitely count, the SPI admin team, officers, and board (each
as appropriate) have the final say on all aspects of the website.
</pre>

