# 2008-10-15

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of Wednesday, October 15th,
2008, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. Tentative regrets received from Neil McGovern and Joerg Jaspert
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [March 19th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-03-19/)
   2. [April 16th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-04-16/)
   3. [May 21th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-05-21/)
   4. [June 18th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-06-18/)
   5. [July 2nd, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-07-02/)
   6. [August 20th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-08-20/)
   7. [September 17th, 2008](../../../minutes/2008/2008-09-17/)
7. Items up for discussion:
   1. (none besides the above reports)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting - Wednesday, November 19th, 2008, 19:00 UTC (Note DST/Summer time ends! 19:00 UTC in local time shifts one hour <i>earlier</i>.)


### President's Report

<pre>
SPI was approached in late September by Alan Dechert of the Open Voting
Foundation for assistance in preparing a proposal for a new voting system
for Los Angeles County.  If OVF should be awarded a contract to pursue this
work, SPI would have a role to play in handling the funds.

After a flurry of emails between OVF and the SPI board, a conference call was
held on the 30th of September, attended by Bdale Garbee, Jimmy Kaplowitz, Josh
Berkus, Greg Pomerantz, and Michael Schultheiss represting SPI and Alan
Dechert, Brian Fox, and Ed Gambel representing OVF. The OVF folks now have the
information they need to complete their proposal.

While not all of the details are worked out, the participation needed from SPI
would be different from anything we've done before, and would clearly require
that we hire at least a part-time contractor to handle the anticipated
additional administrative work load.

No further action should be required from SPI until and unless a contract is
actually awarded.
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
This report uses a cash-based method of accounting, recording donations
when deposited (not when the check was written or received by us) and
recording expenses when sent or scheduled for payment (not when
incurred).

Balance Sheet as of October 14, 2008

   ASSETS
     Current Assets
        Key Business Reward Checking                      17,117.74
        Key Business Signature Money Market Savings       97,617.96
        Ameriprise Cash Mgmt Acct                         13,098.74

     Total Current Assets                                127,834.44

   TOTAL ASSETS                                          127,834.44


   LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY

     General and current liabilities                           0.00

     Equity
        Reserves held in trust
           Debian Earmark                    67,762.98
           Drupal Earmark                     2,650.00
           Freedesktop.org Earmark            2,027.68
           Gallery Earmark                    4,803.34
           GNOME Earmark                         20.00
           GNU TeXmacs Earmark                    9.70
           Madwifi.org Earmark                  922.03
           OpenOffice.org Earmark             1,180.52
           Open Voting Foundation Earmark       392.67
           Plan 9 Earmark                     6,500.00
           PostgreSQL Earmark                13,778.44

        Total held in trust                              100,047.36

        General reserves                                  27,787.08

     Total Equity                                        127,834.44

   TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY                            127,834.44
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<pre>
I would like volunteers to help move the website away from Plone
and generally keep it more accurate and up-to-date, given that
it's too cumbersome and buggy to use effectively. I would like
to retain the ability to do web-based editing as well as restore
the ability to do VCS-based editing. Therefore, something like
ikiwiki might make sense.

If you want to volunteer, email secretary@spi-inc.org and
admin@spi-inc.org, express your interest, and say what time,
effort, and skills you can offer. Also, as requested by the SPI
admin team, please explicitly acknowledge that while your opinion
as the person doing the work will be seriously considered and will
definitely count, the SPI admin team, officers, and board (each
as appropriate) have the final say on all aspects of the website.

Also, I have now updated the list of officers on the board and
by-laws pages on the website.
</pre>

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
