[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2008-01-16

This is the proposed agenda for the Board meeting of Wednesday January 16th
2008, to be held at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Neil McGovern)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [December 19th, 2007](../../../minutes/2007/2007-12-19/)
7. Items up for discussion:
   1. Resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.1: Madwifi as an associated project
   2. Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.1: Adding Paysimple as a payment provider
   3. Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.3: Removal of wxWidgets
   4. Discussion of Josh Berkus's board member status
8. Next board meeting - Wednesday, 20th February 2008 - 19:00 UTC

### President's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Treasurer's Report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

### Secretary's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>


### Resolution 2007-12-29.jdd.1: Madwifi as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. Madwifi is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

 2. The Madwifi developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
    including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 1. Madwifi is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
    according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects.

 2. Currently, Michael Renzmann (mrenzmann@madwifi.org) is recognised by SPI
    as the current authoritative decision maker for Madwifi.

 3. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is approved
    by the SPI Board.
</pre>


### Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.1: Adding Paysimple as a payment provider

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. SPI wishes to provide as much versatility when processing donations as
    possible.

 2. SPI wishes to decrease overhead in the management of donations.

 3. SPI wishes to decrease overall costs in receiving donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 1. SPI shall apply for a financial services account with Paysimple.

 2. Upon approval of the application SPI shall add Paysimple as an additional
    provider for financial services.
</pre>


### Resolution 2008-01-08.jdd.3: Removal of wxWidgets

<pre>
WHEREAS

 1. wxWidgets no longer wishes to be an SPI affiliated project

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

 1. SPI shall remove wxWidgets affiliated status
</pre>

