[[!meta title="Platform for Jimmy Kaplowitz"]]
# Position statement for Jimmy Kaplowitz

I'm Jimmy Kaplowitz, running for SPI board. I was previously on the
board for most of the decade 2004-2014, including periods serving as
Treasurer and as Secretary, then left because I no longer had sufficient
free time to contribute usefully. I've been encouraged to run again if I
have more time than I did then, which I do.

My SPI associated project affiliations: I'm a long-time Debian developer
and have also been an OFTC staff member for several years. I am a user
of several other SPI associated projects and a fan of more.

What I think is going well in SPI: The lightweight fiscal sponsorship
model continues to appeal to a growing number of software projects,
recently reaching an impressive count of 44 associated with SPI. Martin
Zobel-Helas's effort to move our financial bookkeeping into a
hacker-friendly double-entry accounting system has the potential to
greatly streamline our ability to report on and track our balance sheet
and income statement. Michael Schultheiss and Bdale Garbee have shown
impressive stamina in contributing so heavily for so long.  Jonathan
McDowell's overhaul of the members website and resulting implementation
of the membership expiration resolution should enable a long-overdue
rewrite of the bylaws in the near future. SPI has completed its
investigation of directors & officers insurance and is ready to proceed
with that.

What I think is going badly: Chiefly, it still takes too long to do
anything.  For example, reimbursement requests, systems administration
tasks, annual reports, etc. This is not something for which I will
assign fault or blame in a volunteer organization, but it's something
that all of us who care about SPI's success have a responsibility to see
gets fixed. As a separate matter, too few of SPI's board members over
time have been unaffiliated with Debian (except some welcome PostgreSQL
folks), and too few have been non-white or non-male.  Naturally one
should use qualifications and not demographics as the primary factor in
who one elects to the board, but there are plenty of qualified
candidates in other ethnicities, genders, and free software communities
who would add valuable perspectives that SPI can't as easily access
right now.  SPI can't operate as effectively by considering only input
from directors of societally dominant privileged backgrounds.

How I would help: To be clear, electing me would not improve SPI's lack
of diversity along the above axes, and on my ballot I'll happily rank
above myself any qualified candidates who would improve this. What I can
do is provide some continuity and institutional memory (based on my
prior service) at a point in SPI's history when six board members and
one officer are departing. I can also put sustained proactive effort
into some tasks I foresee as likely in the next few years: DebConf17 may
use SPI as its local legal entity in Canada (pending further exploration
of the legal/logistical details), and it's likely that SPI will need to
engage some form of ongoing paid help to execute faster on bookkeeping
and administrative tasks. I'm well-positioned to help in depth with both
of these tasks. I don't plan to seek an officer position for the
2016-2017 officer term.

If you have questions: While I'll stick with SPI's norm of no election
campaigning, I'm happy to answer any questions on OFTC in #spi or via
/msg (I'm Hydroxide), via email to jimmy@debian.org or
jimmy@spi-inc.org, or on the spi-general or spi-private mailing lists.
