[[!meta title="Platform for Joshua D. Drake"]]
# Position statement for Joshua D. Drake

Name: Joshua D. Drake

Nick: linuxhiker

Background:

PostgreSQL:

* Active PostgreSQL Contributor
* PostgreSQL SPI Liaison
* President of Command Prompt, Inc., a long time PostgreSQL contributor

SPI:

* Contributing SPI Member since 2006
* PostgreSQL SPI Liaison
* Director

General Bits:

I have been an active contributor to the Open Source / Free Software
world since 1997. This has taken many forms including but not limited
to, founding Open Source non-profits (United States PostgreSQL), serving
on SPI board, as well as being an active public speaker, writer and
occasional (very occasional) patch submitter.

I am an avid outdoors person and enjoy backpacking, camping, hiking and
bouldering. My current intellectual hobby is the feasibility of
micro-housing and micro-neighborhoods to assist persistently homeless.

Professional bits:

* President and Co-Founder Command Prompt, Inc.
* Co-authored O'Reilly's Practical PostgreSQL

Why SPI Board?

I wrote this in 2007:

> I would like to see SPI be more than a glorified PayPal. SPI has the
> potential to be an active and influencing source within the FOSS
> community. I would actively promote SPI as a way for FOSS projects to
> become a part of a larger community that is focused on the general well
> being of not only the project that has joined, but also that projects
> community.

I think we have largely succeeded in many ways but much more work needs
to be done. If reelected my focus will be:

* An aggressive increase in the number and quality of associate projects
* Getting business items in order such as proper insurance and professional services.
* Increasing services to our member projects and working more intimately with member projects to understand their needs better.
* Increasing visibility to the general public and Open Source projects
* Continuing to increase the availability of educational materials on Open Source and Free Software
* Increase the number of contributing members and foster active relationships with those members
