[[!meta title="Platform for Martin Zobel-Helas"]]
# Position statement for Martin Zobel-Helas

I am Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel on IRC), and I am running for re-election
to the SPI Board of Directors.

I have been an SPI Director since August 2007. As board member of SPI I
served as Secretary in 2009. Lately I assist Michael Schultheiss
(Treasurer of SPI) in moving SPI's finances into a double entry booking
system and producing the monthly treasurer reports.

I am a quite active member of the Debian community. After I started with
using Linux in late 1996, I started using Debian actively in 2003. I have
been Debian Developer since August 2005 and contributing SPI member
since March 2006.

I attended several Debian Developer conferences (DebConf5, DebConf9,
DebConf11, DebConf14, DebConf16 and DebConf16) as well as I am a regular
visitor of FOSDEM, FrOSCon and LinuxCon Europe. I started within Debian
as team founder of the debian-volatile project, which is part of the
main archive nowadays.

When the position of the Stable Release Manager became vacant, I became
Debian Stable Release Manager together with Andreas Barth (who is a
close friend of mine). A bit later I became Debian Release Team
assistant and helped to release Debian Etch and Debian Squeeze. I helped
to setup a alternative autobuilding network for the Debian project. Most
of those machines and quite a good part of the code was integrated into
the current autobuilding network.

I am part of the Debian Systems Administrators team since 2008 and
maintain over 200 machines of the Debian Project.

As paid job, I work as technical leader operations at credativ Germany,
an open source software consulting company.
