# Position statement for Stephen Frost

Greetings,

I am Stephen Frost.  You may know me as a Debian developer, but I am
primarily involved with PostgreSQL today.  I am recognized as a
PostgreSQL Major Contributor and Committer.  I am also the Committee
Chair for PostgresOpen 2016 (and was for 2015 also), the longest running
annual PostgreSQL conference in the US.  Lastly, I am a member of the
PostgreSQL Infrastructure team, responsible for maintaining all of the
systems behind postgresql.org.

In my professional career, I am currently the Chief Technology Officer
for Crunchy Data, a PostgreSQL support, services, training, and
sponsored development organization formed entirely around and committed
to Open Source and PostgreSQL.  I have been involved in the Open Source
community for over 15 years, starting with Debian in 2000 where I helped
with iptables, OpenLDAP, ksymoops, and other packages and then becoming
more and more involved with PostgreSQL, where I helped implement and
commit the Role system, Column-Level privileges, PL/pgsql "foreach", and
Row-Level Security.  As a speaker, trainer, and occasional conference
organizer at conferences around the world, including Campinas, Ottawa,
Madrid, Dublin, Vienna, Chicago, New York City, Dallas, Washington DC,
I have interacted with thousands of individuals interested and involved
with Open Source and bring a broad understanding of both open source
technology and the individuals behind it.

Software in the Public Interest is in a unique and well placed position
to influence Open Source technology adoption, education, and
understanding.  As a member of the SPI board, I would be focused on:

* Promoting Open Source
* Ensuring all Associated Projects are supported as best as possible
* Expand SPI by encouraging new open source projects to join
* Maintaining the current by-laws
* Participating in the daily workings of SPI.

I am excited to be a part of SPI and look forward to helping move SPI
forward materially through involvement as a board member.  I can add
valuable and necessary skills to the board, thanks to the experience
and knowledge which I bring.

My residence is in the Washington, DC, USA area, in the US/Eastern time
zone, and I am generally available as 'Snow-Man' on Freenode and OFTC.
Feel free to also reach me via the Slack Postgres channel as 'sfrost'.
