[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 9th December, 2019

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
December 9th, 2019, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Martin Zobel-Helas)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
  1. [Monday, 11th November 2019](../../../minutes/2019/2019-11-11/)
7. Items up for discussion
  1. Resolution [2019-11-22.tp.1](/corporate/resolutions/2019/2019-11-22.tp.1): Rescind Board Advisors
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: January 13th, 2020, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
We had a successful treasury team sprint November 20-21, 2019 in NYC
followed by a productive board meeting November 22-23, 2019, also in
NYC. The treasury team was able to process the vast majority of the
outgoing payment backlog and the board is planning weekly meetings to
help stay on top of ticket backlog (both treasury and general board
tickets).

The board received the final audit report for 2018 from our accounting
firm and posted it on the treasurer section of the website. Our 990
(Federal return) and CHAR500 (New York State return) were also filed by
the deadline. We have reached out to the accounting firm to discuss the
feasibility of starting the 2019 audit earlier in the year.

The SPI board is extremely thankful for the work Martin Michlmayr has
done working with the auditor and streamlining our bookkeeping. SPI has
renewed his contract through the end of 2020.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
We had a successful treasury team sprint during the face-to-face meeting
in New York. We are down to 2 outstanding approved reimbursements.

During the face-to-face meeting we had a conference call with
Martin Michlmayr, where board decided to extend the contract with Martin
for one more year.

Martin explained what needs to happen to move to accrual accounting for
2020 as well as his plans to move to the software beancount, which will
give us better reporting.

We started opening a new bank account with Merrill Lynch for a Money
Market account and certificates of deposits to get better interest
rates.
</pre>

Financial reports are available up to end of October 2019 for

  * [January 2019](/treasurer/reports/201901/)
  * [February 2019](/treasurer/reports/201902/)
  * [March 2019](/treasurer/reports/201903/)
  * [April 2019](/treasurer/reports/201904/)
  * [May 2019](/treasurer/reports/201905/)
  * [June 2019](/treasurer/reports/201906/)
  * [July 2019](/treasurer/reports/201907/)
  * [August 2019](/treasurer/reports/201908/)
  * [September 2019](/treasurer/reports/201909/)
  * [October 2019](/treasurer/reports/201910/)

## Secretary's report

<pre>
We had a successful face-to-face meeting in New York City in
November preceded by a bookkeeping sprint. Thank you to everyone who
attended. The minutes for this meeting are still in progress and
should be completed before the next meeting.

A note about Resolution
[2019-11-22.tp.1](/corporate/resolutions/2019/2019-11-22.tp.1) to
rescind Board Advisors has been posted to the spi-general list to
solicit feedback from the membership.
</pre>
