[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 11th March, 2019

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
March 11th, 2019, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: April 8th, 2019, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Torch became an Associated Project of SPI in 2016.

2. Torch is no longer in active development and has been obsoleted by
PyTorch.

3. PyTorch is not an Associated Project of SPI.

4. SPI holds no substantial funds and no other assets on behalf of Torch.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Torch will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Torch.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
donations, held by SPI on behalf of Torch, will henceforth be moved to
SPI's general fund.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Torch may have. We
are not aware of any such undischarged obligations. We ask anyone who
is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

