[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 8th April, 2019

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
April 8th, 2019, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
   1. [January 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201901/)
   2. [February 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201902/)
   3. [March 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201903/)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 11th February 2019](../../../minutes/2019/2019-02-11/)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2019-04-05.jrk.1: Renee Phillips as interim director
   2. Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: May 13th, 2019, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

   1. [January 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201901/)
   2. [February 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201902/)
   3. [March 2019](../../../../treasurer/reports/201903/)


## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2019-04-05.jrk.1: Renee Phillips as interim director

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. A vacancy on the SPI board of directors exists due to the resignation
of Martin Michlmayr.

2. Renee Phillips has sufficient time, interest, motivation, and experience
to usefully assist SPI over the remainder of the current board term.

3. Renee is available to attend most or all of the remaining board
meetings in the current term; and

4. Renee has confirmed that she is willing to accept this appointment;

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Renee Phillips is hereby appointed as an interim member of the SPI
board of directors, beginning at the conclusion of the April 2019 board
meeting and continuing until the conclusion of the July 2019 SPI board
elections.
</pre>

## Resolution 2019-02-12.mm.1: Removal of Torch as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Torch became an Associated Project of SPI in 2016.

2. Torch is no longer in active development and has been obsoleted by
PyTorch.

3. PyTorch is not an Associated Project of SPI.

4. SPI holds no substantial funds and no other assets on behalf of Torch.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Torch will be removed as an SPI Associated Project.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Torch.

3. All assets, including (without limitation) money and any future
donations, held by SPI on behalf of Torch, will henceforth be moved to
SPI's general fund.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations Torch may have. We
are not aware of any such undischarged obligations. We ask anyone who
is aware of any to notify us within 30 days of this resolution.
</pre>

