[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 13th May, 2019

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
May 13th, 2019, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Monday, 8th April 2019](../../../minutes/2019/2019-04-08/)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Slack for non-profits
   2. Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.1: Freedesktop.org merger into X.org
   3. Consider proposal to add translatewiki.net as a project
   4. Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.2: Arch Linux 32 as associated project
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: June 10th, 2019, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.1: Freedesktop.org merger into X.org

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. SPI currently recognizes Freedesktop.org and X.org as SPI associated
projects.

2. Freedesktop.org and X.org decided to merge, with X.org as the
surviving project, due to significant overlap in participants and
purpose.

3. On April 11, 2019, the projects granted their final approval to this
merger according to their internal procedures.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Freedesktop.org will be removed from the list of SPI associated
projects, because it no longer exists independently of X.org.

2. Assets and (if any) liabilities held by SPI for Freedesktop.org are
now held by SPI on behalf of X.org and shall be accounted as such.

3. SPI shall no longer actively seek donations for Freedesktop.org.
Donations which SPI nevertheless receives for Freedesktop.org shall be
treated as donations for X.org.
</pre>

## Consider proposal to add translatewiki.net as a project

See proposal email thread from Niklas Laxström in spi-board archives
from February to March 2019.

## Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.2: Arch Linux 32 as associated project

WHEREAS

1. Arch Linux 32 is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The Arch Linux 32 developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Arch Linux 32 is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Erich Eckner is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
and SPI liaison for Arch Linux 32. Successors will be appointed by the
outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison is unavailable or
refuses to appoint a successor, by a simple majority vote by the current
master key holders of Arch Linux 32.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for Arch Linux 32 is missing in
action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive
years the associated project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
