2026-01-12 20:03:27	schultmc1	[item 1, Opening]
2026-01-12 20:03:27	schultmc1	Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
2026-01-12 20:03:27	schultmc1	is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
2026-01-12 20:03:27	schultmc1	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2026/2026-01-12/
2026-01-12 20:03:29	schultmc1	[item 2, Roll Call]
2026-01-12 20:03:32	schultmc1	Directors, please state your name
2026-01-12 20:03:34	schultmc1	Guests, please /msg your names to fungi if you wish your attendance to be
2026-01-12 20:03:38	schultmc1	recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
2026-01-12 20:03:40	schultmc1	.
2026-01-12 20:03:40	milan	Milan Kupcevic
2026-01-12 20:03:42	schultmc1	fungi, do we have any regrets?
2026-01-12 20:03:43	jconway	Joe Conway
2026-01-12 20:03:44	schultmc1	Michael Schultheiss
2026-01-12 20:03:55	fungi	Jeremy Stanley
2026-01-12 20:04:01	fungi	i received no regrets for this meeting
2026-01-12 20:04:21	mappx	Katie McMillan
2026-01-12 20:04:25	mappx	my apologies
2026-01-12 20:04:50	schultmc1	One more director needed for quorum
2026-01-12 20:04:58	schultmc1	Jesusalva[m]: are you available?
2026-01-12 20:05:02	--	schultmc1 is now known as schultmc
2026-01-12 20:05:06	fungi	he indicated to me that he may be running latge
2026-01-12 20:05:08	fungi	late
2026-01-12 20:05:12	Jesusalva[m]	Jonatas L Nogueira 
2026-01-12 20:05:16	Jesusalva[m]	Partly present at least 
2026-01-12 20:05:24	schultmc	That's quorum - others can join if they're available
2026-01-12 20:05:35	schultmc	[item 3, President's Report]
2026-01-12 20:05:35	schultmc	Our 2024 audit report and filings will be published on the Treasurer page 
2026-01-12 20:05:35	schultmc	on our website shortly. We are gathering information to begin our 2025 audit.
2026-01-12 20:05:35	schultmc	.
2026-01-12 20:05:35	schultmc	I am primarily working on assisting the Treasury team with reimbursements
2026-01-12 20:05:37	schultmc	and other accounts payable activities.
2026-01-12 20:05:40	schultmc	</done>
2026-01-12 20:05:42	schultmc	.
2026-01-12 20:05:45	schultmc	Jesusalva[m]: Anything to add?
2026-01-12 20:05:50	Jesusalva[m]	fungi please
2026-01-12 20:06:05	-->	fsf (fsf@00029520.user.oftc.net) has joined #spi
2026-01-12 20:06:15	Jesusalva[m]	Can't copy pasta rn
2026-01-12 20:06:17	fungi	on Jesusalva[m]'s behalf...
2026-01-12 20:06:26	fsf	Apologies for being late. My name is Forrest Fleming :)
2026-01-12 20:06:27	fungi	It's a new year again, and New York Law explicitly states the yearly submission of CoI forms for all directors. While our outdated bylaws prevent us from suspending uncompliant members, their votes might be voided by court or SPI might be considered to have violated the legal obligations of a non profit. As to preserve our NFP status and validity of Board decisions irreproachable, we
2026-01-12 20:06:27	fungi	kindly request all directors to provide updated CoI policies to the secretary before January 31st.
2026-01-12 20:06:27	fungi	I'm aware I'm behind several things from contractors such as approving invoices or sending updated agreements. I hope to have it sorted out as soon as possible but reality might not agree with my plans.
2026-01-12 20:06:34	fungi	I'm with about two hundred unread emails so if you've sent anything and I didn't reply, don't be afraid of bumping it or poking me through IRC, Discord, Whatsapp or Signal.
2026-01-12 20:06:37	fungi	EOF
2026-01-12 20:06:57	-->	borden (~Borden@99.209.53.2) has joined #spi
2026-01-12 20:07:05	schultmc	[item 4, Treasurer's Report]
2026-01-12 20:07:05	schultmc	zumbi is unavailable.
2026-01-12 20:07:05	schultmc	.
2026-01-12 20:07:05	schultmc	The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
2026-01-12 20:07:05	schultmc	there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
2026-01-12 20:07:06	borden	Borden Rhodes checking in. Sorry I'm late to the party
2026-01-12 20:07:08	schultmc	treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
2026-01-12 20:07:16	schultmc	[item 5, Secretary's report]
2026-01-12 20:07:17	schultmc	fungi?
2026-01-12 20:07:33	mappx	Please note that I provided my CoI info by email, but have not yet updated the GitLab
2026-01-12 20:07:34	fungi	Expanding on the Vice President's Report, the Conflict of Interest declaration t
2026-01-12 20:07:34	fungi	emplate can be found at conflicts/exhibit-a in the board-private Git repository.
2026-01-12 20:07:34	fungi	 If you have trouble accessing it, please let Célestin Matte (Perdu) know.
2026-01-12 20:07:34	fungi	Based on a recent IRC discussion, starting with the agenda for today's meeting, as well as the minutes for December, I've tried to better organize and link draft documents which are up for a vote. Please let me know if you see problems with
2026-01-12 20:07:34	fungi	 it or have any concerns. Thanks!
2026-01-12 20:07:36	fungi	EOF
2026-01-12 20:08:07	fungi	mappx: did you provide one for 2026? i can upload it to gitlab but haven't seen it yet
2026-01-12 20:08:12	schultmc	[item 6, Outstanding minutes]
2026-01-12 20:08:13	schultmc	The minutes for 2026-12-08 are outstanding. They may be
2026-01-12 20:08:13	schultmc	reviewed at:
2026-01-12 20:08:13	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-12-08/
2026-01-12 20:08:17	Perdu	(Actually, Jesusalva as I don't have permissions over gitlab)
2026-01-12 20:08:36	fungi	thanks for the correction Perdu, i'll amend my report in the minutes
2026-01-12 20:09:13	mappx	fungi: I believe the one that I provided was for 2025, but I have nothing to declare for 2026, however, I will provide a 2026 one specifically
2026-01-12 20:09:51	fungi	fsf: did you want to run the votes for this meeting or shall i?
2026-01-12 20:10:03	borden	When are 26 conflict notices due? January or August?
2026-01-12 20:10:04	fsf	I can run the vote, but as I came in late, I am likely missing the eleigible attendees list. Right now I have it at: borden,fsf,fungi,mappx,schultmc based on who I've seen. Happy to run it if ya tell me who else to include
2026-01-12 20:10:24	fungi	Jesusalva[m] amd milan are here too
2026-01-12 20:11:21	fungi	oh, and jconway sorry
2026-01-12 20:11:33	fungi	so only missing zumbi
2026-01-12 20:11:35	fsf	on it 1sec
2026-01-12 20:12:08	fsf	Voting started, 8 people (borden,fsf,fungi,mappx,jconway,jesusalve[m],milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Approve meeting minutes for 2025-12-08. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2026-01-12 20:12:15	schultmc	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:16	milan	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:17	mappx	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:18	borden	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:20	fsf	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:20	jconway	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:33	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:40	fungi	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:12:46	fsf	Current voting results for "Approve meeting minutes for 2025-12-08": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( jesusalve[m] )
2026-01-12 20:12:49	fsf	Voting for "Approve meeting minutes for 2025-12-08" closed.
2026-01-12 20:12:52	fsf	sorry for the typo on that!
2026-01-12 20:12:55	schultmc	[item 7, Items up for discussion]
2026-01-12 20:12:57	schultmc	[item 7.1, SPI Privacy Policy]
2026-01-12 20:12:57	-->	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4141:bbc9:4922:6ccf) has joined #spi
2026-01-12 20:13:05	<--	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4141:bbc9:4922:6ccf) has quit
2026-01-12 20:13:25	-->	b_ (~Borden@2607:f2c0:e385:ffe2:4141:bbc9:4922:6ccf) has joined #spi
2026-01-12 20:13:37	fungi	this was carried over from the december meeting, hopefully board members have had sufficient time to review the draft by now
2026-01-12 20:13:51	fungi	i also converted it to markdown and attached it to the agenda
2026-01-12 20:13:55	-->	jesusalva (~jesusalva@189.6.37.139) has joined #spi
2026-01-12 20:14:08	jesusalva	Yes I have nothing else to add
2026-01-12 20:14:37	fsf	Shall we vote, then?
2026-01-12 20:15:47	fungi	i'm okay to vote on it now
2026-01-12 20:15:54	--	borden is now known as Guest35708
2026-01-12 20:15:55	--	b_ is now known as borden
2026-01-12 20:16:10	fsf	Voting started, 8 people (borden,fsf,fungi,mappx,jconway,jesusalva[m],milan,schultmc) allowed to vote on Approve SPI privacy policy. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2026-01-12 20:16:17	borden	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:18	schultmc	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:19	milan	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:19	mappx	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:20	fsf	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:20	jconway	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:21	fungi	!vote yes
2026-01-12 20:16:24	Jesusalva[m]	!vote yes 
2026-01-12 20:16:33	fsf	Current voting results for "Approve SPI privacy policy": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 ( jesusalva[m] )
2026-01-12 20:16:36	fsf	Voting for "Approve SPI privacy policy" closed.
2026-01-12 20:16:40	schultmc	[item 7.2, Director Sponsors for Project Applications]
2026-01-12 20:16:48	jesusalva	Why am I still missing from vote?
2026-01-12 20:16:57	 *	jesusalva voted yes in both
2026-01-12 20:17:13	jesusalva	Oh right, jesusalva[m] and Jesusalva[m] are differet
2026-01-12 20:17:14	jesusalva	Noted
2026-01-12 20:17:36	fungi	i'll make a note to record your vote in both
2026-01-12 20:17:41	fsf	I have no idea - the first time it was a typo, the second time is a mystery. Naively I'd say capitalization, but I used the capitalized version in the call to start the vote so it may be an unavoidable (for now, at leat) bug
2026-01-12 20:17:47	fsf	Or I'm holding it wrong. Also possible :)
2026-01-12 20:17:59	jesusalva	Anyway, as I discussed with Secretary yesterday, Kassia sent a spreadsheet of all projects pending association from 2025
2026-01-12 20:18:24	jesusalva	We'll announce the number field and application date
2026-01-12 20:18:32	fungi	most of these are project representatives expressing an interest in begining the informal discussion phase of that process, to be clear
2026-01-12 20:18:41	jesusalva	Yes. If anyone interested in sponsoring the project manifests themselves over 60 seconds.
2026-01-12 20:19:01	jesusalva	If multiple people manifest interest, we decide who will sponsor what after the spreadsheet is done, so no one is overburdened or wasted
2026-01-12 20:19:14	jesusalva	And if no one manifests in 60 seconds, we carry on and politely decline the application (for now)
2026-01-12 20:19:17	jesusalva	(they can reapply later)
2026-01-12 20:19:38	jesusalva	Remember some of those are old requests, and whoever offers to sponsor will need to do a follow up first to see if project is still interested.
2026-01-12 20:19:49	jesusalva	Can we begin? Or do anyone need the spreadsheet again?
2026-01-12 20:20:00	 *	jesusalva doesn't want to publish the name of projects whom end up with no sponsors
2026-01-12 20:20:20	<--	Guest35708 (~Borden@000327ec.user.oftc.net) has quit (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
2026-01-12 20:21:02	jesusalva	It's an email from January 1st by kassia@spi-inc.or
2026-01-12 20:22:48	fungi	11 projects in total, by my count
2026-01-12 20:23:15	jesusalva	Yes, from May until October
2026-01-12 20:23:48	fungi	basically around the time i accepted the secretary role and ceased to have time to engage on them
2026-01-12 20:24:49	jesusalva	borden,fsf,fungi,mappx,jconway,jesusalva[m],milan,schultmc?
2026-01-12 20:25:10	borden	I'm ready
2026-01-12 20:25:31	fungi	same
2026-01-12 20:25:34	jesusalva	Alright then. Application nº 1 from May 30, 2025.
2026-01-12 20:25:55	jesusalva	I don't mind sponsoring it
2026-01-12 20:26:34	jesusalva	Application nº 2, no date provided, asked via membership application.
2026-01-12 20:27:23	schultmc	Looks like additional details are needed
2026-01-12 20:27:29	borden	I'm out, I don't think it's developed enough
2026-01-12 20:27:43	jesusalva	Do you want to follow up on it, schultmc? Or should I just dismiss it with "not enough details provided"?
2026-01-12 20:28:08	schultmc	I'll follow up
2026-01-12 20:28:16	jesusalva	Okay. Application nº 3, no date provided but last contact August 25th.
2026-01-12 20:29:16	borden	This seems to be a substantial project, but there appears to be information missing
2026-01-12 20:29:27	jesusalva	Do you want to follow up on it, borden?
2026-01-12 20:29:37	zumbi	Hello, sorry I am late. Hector Oron Martinez.
2026-01-12 20:29:42	jesusalva	Or should I just politely dismiss it with "not enough details provided"?
2026-01-12 20:29:48	borden	I'd rather someone else. I don't think I'll have the time.
2026-01-12 20:30:32	jesusalva	Anyone else? 60 seconds, then I'll move on to next item and assume to dismiss it due to lack of information provided.
2026-01-12 20:31:31	jesusalva	Application nº 4, "July 10 for Mr B and Aug 6 for Mr O"
2026-01-12 20:32:27	borden	I'm personally not convinced of its maturity, but I could be wrong
2026-01-12 20:33:11	jesusalva	If no one volunteers to sponsor the application, I'll go ahead with next one. It's better to decline a project than to let them waiting indefinitely for a director to sponsor it
2026-01-12 20:33:16	jesusalva	(It's not difficult to sponsor, though)
2026-01-12 20:33:31	jesusalva	Application nº 5, June 10th
2026-01-12 20:34:01	mappx	My apologies, but I would like to sponsor Application Number 3 
2026-01-12 20:34:07	jesusalva	Okay, noted
2026-01-12 20:34:34	jesusalva	Application nº 7, August 27th
2026-01-12 20:34:49	borden	6?
2026-01-12 20:34:52	fsf	I'll do 7 - but we skipped 6
2026-01-12 20:35:02	jesusalva	Yes, I meant 6th sorry
2026-01-12 20:35:20	jesusalva	*Application nº 6, August 27th
2026-01-12 20:36:00	borden	I think we should politely decline with a note that they've come to the wrong people. It's an education project more than a software project.
2026-01-12 20:36:13	jesusalva	Nothing against.
2026-01-12 20:36:14	jesusalva	Application nº 7, November 3rd.
2026-01-12 20:36:28	jesusalva	fsf already manifested interest on it
2026-01-12 20:36:37	fsf	I'm happy to do 7; if someone else wants to, though, I'll defer to them
2026-01-12 20:37:15	jesusalva	Application nº 8, October 2nd
2026-01-12 20:38:15	jesusalva	Application nº 9, October 10th
2026-01-12 20:38:39	jesusalva	I'm willing to follow up with it, if no one else is interested. But it really isn't my field.
2026-01-12 20:39:15	jesusalva	Application nº 10, October 20th
2026-01-12 20:40:00	jesusalva	I have concerns about that one, personally ^^ It doesn't seem like a good fit for a 501c3
2026-01-12 20:40:15	jesusalva	Application nº 11, September 4th. Last one!
2026-01-12 20:40:17	fungi	i'd love to see active engagement on this one, but i don't feel like i can safely be involved due to a conflict of interest
2026-01-12 20:40:26	milan	I'm interested in working on application No.11.
2026-01-12 20:40:29	borden	11 seems out of our jurisdiction
2026-01-12 20:41:03	fungi	we've had moves from other organizations in the past, if that's the concern
2026-01-12 20:41:51	jesusalva	Alright. nº 1 Jesusalva, nº 2 schultmc, nº 3 mappx, nº 7 fsf, nº 11 milan. We'll politely decline all other applications which failed to find a sponsor on this meeting. Any objections?
2026-01-12 20:42:17	borden	nope
2026-01-12 20:42:37	schultmc	[item 7.3, SPI as DMCA Agent for Debian]
2026-01-12 20:42:58	fungi	andreas (debian project leader) reached out to the board by e-mail on january 2, reinitiating a discussion from earlier last year about dmca safe harbor
2026-01-12 20:43:43	fungi	at the time, there had been a suggestion from counsel that spi could apply to serve as the usa copyright office notificaiton contact, but i can't find are record of whether we applied for it
2026-01-12 20:44:05	fungi	just wamted to bring the topic up here to draw attention and maybe figure out the answer for them more quickly
2026-01-12 20:44:35	fungi	er, can't find any record
2026-01-12 20:44:37	zumbi	jesusalva: I'd like to review the applicants list, I cannot do now, but please wait for my review, before rejects, this week.
2026-01-12 20:45:10	jesusalva	Okay, no problem zumbi. It's an email from january 1st by kassia@spi-inc.org
2026-01-12 20:45:22	jesusalva	You'll find the "orphan" ones by the number in the first column
2026-01-12 20:46:03	fungi	do any board members happen to know if spi registered as the official point of contact with the usa copyright office following the discussion in, i guess it was october 2024 (looking at the quoted messages in the reply)
2026-01-12 20:46:27	zumbi	fungi: spi is not registered DMCA, not if Debian needs to be registered as it is distributed project, however do we want to consider registering spi?
2026-01-12 20:46:37	schultmc	I'm not aware of us signing up.
2026-01-12 20:46:49	fungi	that has been a suggestion from counsel earlier in that thread
2026-01-12 20:46:51	schultmc	Process seems straightforward: https://www.copyright.gov/dmca-directory/transcripts/register.pdf
2026-01-12 20:46:55	zumbi	you can search their database
2026-01-12 20:47:00	jesusalva	I'm not aware either, but then, if I had anything to say, I would have said so in reply to the email
2026-01-12 20:47:07	fungi	oh, excellent point, i should have thought to do that
2026-01-12 20:48:01	zumbi	(sorry I am on the phone, but I am happy to follow internally by email)
2026-01-12 20:48:36	fungi	i'll follow up indicating that we don't have any record that's been done (and we don't appear in their database), but to let us know if that's something the debian project would want
2026-01-12 20:48:57	zumbi	+1
2026-01-12 20:49:09	fungi	seems like there are some activitie4s they've stopped or avoided doing for worry of mistaken uploads violating the dmca
2026-01-12 20:49:37	jesusalva	One concern though
2026-01-12 20:49:42	jesusalva	We have multiple associated projects
2026-01-12 20:49:49	jesusalva	And we would register for SPI as a whole, right?
2026-01-12 20:50:05	jesusalva	Wouldn't then it be a better idea to align with spi-projects mailing list?
2026-01-12 20:50:14	fungi	related, i still need to get the latest copy of our d&o insurance from tbm to counsel to see whether it could be extended to cover specific debian volunteers
2026-01-12 20:50:36	fungi	the latest copy i could find in git was from 2022
2026-01-12 20:50:40	jesusalva	(Setting up a DMCA flow for a single project and not for others would be weird)
2026-01-12 20:50:40	zumbi	we need to evaluate if spi should do this service for projects
2026-01-12 20:50:55	schultmc	I can get the latest d&o insurance info 
2026-01-12 20:51:23	fungi	thanks schultmc! i can forward it to aaron if we get a copy into the git repo
2026-01-12 20:51:40	jesusalva	zumbi: +1
2026-01-12 20:52:01	jesusalva	I don't mind SPI handling DMCA for projects, but then we would need a governance which simply does not exist
2026-01-12 20:52:12	mappx	schultmc: +1
2026-01-12 20:52:29	jesusalva	At minimum, a workflow on what happens after we receive a DMCA complaint or a mechanism to enact it ourselves
2026-01-12 20:52:53	jesusalva	And that would expose SPI to additional risks if we represent a project in DMCA and said project fails to take it down
2026-01-12 20:53:10	zumbi	fungi: I am not sure it makes sense to extend d&o for all volunteers - is there a given reason for such ask?
2026-01-12 20:53:33	jesusalva	zumbi: Not all volunteers, just some committee of copyright analysis "or whatever"
2026-01-12 20:53:39	fungi	zumbi: it wasn't for all volunteers, it was to indemnify the dfsg team against being named party to copyright suits due to accidental uploads
2026-01-12 20:54:02	zumbi	ok, got it, thanks
2026-01-12 20:54:19	jesusalva	Note AFAIK our D&O insurance does not cover our independent contractors either
2026-01-12 20:54:41	fungi	i wasn't able to find copies of the original dmca/copyright contact thread from 2024, not sure if it went to the board back then or just officers
2026-01-12 20:55:50	zumbi	I really wish we could discuss such stuff in a F2F
2026-01-12 20:56:15	jesusalva	zumbi: If we don't have a F2F, I might resort to sending a bylaws replacement template in march to board
2026-01-12 20:56:17	jesusalva	Then in april to board
2026-01-12 20:56:21	jesusalva	Err to membership
2026-01-12 20:56:25	jesusalva	Then in may to attorney
2026-01-12 20:56:26	fungi	but yes i agree that it would be odd to be the copyright contact only for debian, it seems the reason that was proposed is that debian is not a legal entity and spi is
2026-01-12 20:56:41	jesusalva	and have current one voided in june
2026-01-12 20:56:46	jesusalva	That's a terrible workflo
2026-01-12 20:56:49	jesusalva	* workflow
2026-01-12 20:57:46	jesusalva	Btw I have three AOB items
2026-01-12 20:57:55	jesusalva	And it is very late already
2026-01-12 20:58:02	zumbi	maybe we can attempt virtual F2F 
2026-01-12 20:58:05	jesusalva	fungi: Was your question answered? Can we move on?
2026-01-12 20:58:10	borden	Sorry, I have to tap out. We're still good for votes?
2026-01-12 20:58:14	jesusalva	Also, F2F is up to you schedule it
2026-01-12 20:58:15	fungi	yes thanks, i didn't have anything else on the dmca contact topic
2026-01-12 20:58:17	jconway	same here
2026-01-12 20:58:21	schultmc	[item 8, Any other business]
2026-01-12 20:58:22	schultmc	Anything to discuss?
2026-01-12 20:58:26	jesusalva	Yes
2026-01-12 20:58:35	<--	borden (~Borden@000327ec.user.oftc.net) has quit (Quit: Leaving)
2026-01-12 20:58:37	jesusalva	I/SPI wants to send Hector to attend FOSDEM
2026-01-12 20:58:52	jesusalva	I assume it is fine - he mentioned in email and he is likely the only member we can send in a low budget
2026-01-12 20:58:57	jesusalva	+ he is the treasurer
2026-01-12 20:59:01	jesusalva	But do anyone has any objections?
2026-01-12 20:59:08	fungi	i'm strongly in favor of having some spi board representation at fosdem, but can't make it myself this year
2026-01-12 20:59:28	schultmc	no objections from me - it's beneficial for SPI to have a presence at conferences like FOSDEM
2026-01-12 20:59:35	mappx	No objections here, but my full support to Hector
2026-01-12 21:00:11	fungi	i try to go once every few years, but this is not the year. winter travel is not easy for me
2026-01-12 21:00:23	jesusalva	Okay, good. Second point, Marcelo who is doing the project mapping should add it to the git repository today or tomorrow. He's asking if we also want a risk assessment.
2026-01-12 21:00:41	zumbi	I'll work on the preparations then
2026-01-12 21:00:46	fungi	thanks zumbi!
2026-01-12 21:00:55	fungi	jesusalva: what class of risks specifically?
2026-01-12 21:01:06	schultmc	fungi: latest d&o info added to board-private
2026-01-12 21:01:15	fungi	awesome, thanks so much schultmc!
2026-01-12 21:01:20	jesusalva	Mostly risks identified on the mapping or fragilities, like a rogue project applying and it going unchecked
2026-01-12 21:01:30	jesusalva	We have no safeguards and etc on that case
2026-01-12 21:01:44	jesusalva	Doing a risk assessment would require 35 additional hours.
2026-01-12 21:02:08	<--	jconway (~jconway@46.110.138.68) has quit (Quit: Leaving)
2026-01-12 21:02:09	jesusalva	Note that it is usually more expensive than what we're paying him for. He confirmed he would maintain the current rate though as he already did the process mapping
2026-01-12 21:02:14	fungi	and that would be across all current associated projects? seems like a reasonable expense to me
2026-01-12 21:02:41	jesusalva	I think it is focused on SPI itself
2026-01-12 21:02:53	jesusalva	I don't think 35 hours would allow to map risks in all associated projects
2026-01-12 21:03:03	fungi	oh, not related to the project mapping
2026-01-12 21:03:13	fungi	this was the process and policy mapping
2026-01-12 21:03:19	 *	jesusalva is now confused
2026-01-12 21:03:55	fungi	i was confused, apologies
2026-01-12 21:04:02	jesusalva	Ah okay
2026-01-12 21:04:29	fungi	you said marcelo is doing the project mapping, but think you may have meant process mapping
2026-01-12 21:04:37	jesusalva	Yes, process mapping
2026-01-12 21:04:54	jesusalva	Can I blame autocorrect on that one? (Not that I use autocorrect, but brain tends to autocorrect as well)
2026-01-12 21:05:11	jesusalva	I would personally suggest if we consider a risk mapping/assessment useful, for us to approve to wait for him to finish the current work he's doing, and if no one raises objections within 7 (seven) days, we sign a 35 hours additive
2026-01-12 21:05:19	jesusalva	But we may not consider a risk assessment/mapping useful
2026-01-12 21:05:58	fungi	yeah, i'm not sure risk assessment makes sense until the process mapping is done anyway?
2026-01-12 21:06:58	fungi	i'm on board with the plan you just outlined
2026-01-12 21:07:25	jesusalva	Anyone else?
2026-01-12 21:07:38	schultmc	seems like a reasonable plan
2026-01-12 21:07:50	zumbi	+1
2026-01-12 21:07:53	mappx	+1
2026-01-12 21:08:26	jesusalva	Okay, gotcha. I'll let him know.
2026-01-12 21:08:52	jesusalva	My last question is, every once in a while someone asks about SPI doing grants or microgrants from the General Fund superavit to associated projects
2026-01-12 21:09:06	jesusalva	Is this something the current Board has any interest in following up?
2026-01-12 21:09:21	jesusalva	Not that we have any major superavit (especially given we only have a 5% overhead fee)
2026-01-12 21:10:33	zumbi	I want to do some development work for donated gifts and automate certs issued, as well as charting per project balanced funds over time
2026-01-12 21:10:46	jesusalva	(If Board has interest in following it up I'll see what's possible to be done, otherwise I'll just archive the idea - there are better uses of my time)
2026-01-12 21:11:12	fungi	i feel like, being the lowest-overhead open source fiscal host charity precludes spending from the general fund on specific associated projects
2026-01-12 21:11:23	zumbi	..not sure if that's a grant or hired work
2026-01-12 21:12:00	fungi	the things zumbi describes seem fine as they're of general benefit to multiple associated projects
2026-01-12 21:12:11	jesusalva	That's a General Fund expense, yes. There are several things we can and actually do with General Fund
2026-01-12 21:12:53	jesusalva	Distributing money to projects directly would never be effective if it is linear, so it would need a whole proposal and selection for a honestly not large sum of money
2026-01-12 21:12:57	zumbi	I am fine sponsoring from general fund associated projects without balance, for minimum viability, i.e. renew domanins
2026-01-12 21:13:26	jesusalva	zumbi: I think we already do that, though? (Not to mention, Gandi sponsorship still applies)
2026-01-12 21:13:29	jesusalva	(no domain renewal fees)
2026-01-12 21:14:04	zumbi	yes, we already do it, not sure if this is formalized
2026-01-12 21:14:14	fungi	right, the question seems more like something that would be better addressed by applying for outside grants e.g. stf or ao
2026-01-12 21:14:24	 *	jesusalva adds it to the ever growing list of "things to write a policy about"
2026-01-12 21:14:34	zumbi	I am probably missing context for your question about use of general fund
2026-01-12 21:14:59	jesusalva	zumbi: Every once in a while projects ask about diverting funds from General Fund towards specific projects.
2026-01-12 21:15:07	jesusalva	Haven't happened recently
2026-01-12 21:15:16	jesusalva	But they'll resurface once december reports are published
2026-01-12 21:15:53	jesusalva	Given doing it in a non-linear fashion ("here's $25 to everyone") would require some work, I want to know if the Board wants me to pursue this
2026-01-12 21:16:30	jesusalva	I understand current position is against distributing money from General Fund to associated projects directly, but focus on having it available for emergencies and actions which can benefit multiple of them at once
2026-01-12 21:16:32	fungi	my portugese dictionary suggests "superavit" refers to surplus funds in a public treasury beyond what's usually needed
2026-01-12 21:16:37	jesusalva	Yes surplus
2026-01-12 21:16:39	zumbi	From my point of view, we shouldn't do that ATM
2026-01-12 21:17:10	jesusalva	(Such as improving our reporting system for the associated projects)
2026-01-12 21:17:19	schultmc	I'm okay with periodically funding items on a case by case basis but we don't actively fundraise for SPI so I'd hate for us to overspend the general fund, especially since donations across the industry seem to be down
2026-01-12 21:17:36	jesusalva	Gotcha. I think this is all I needed. Thanks.
2026-01-12 21:17:42	zumbi	schultmc: +1
2026-01-12 21:17:48	fungi	yes, we'd need a lot more "surplus" before i was comfortable considering it actual surplus and not a safety net
2026-01-12 21:18:03	mappx	+1
2026-01-12 21:18:06	schultmc	[item 9, Next board meeting]
2026-01-12 21:18:06	schultmc	The next board meeting is scheduled for: February 9, 2026 at 2000 UTC.
2026-01-12 21:18:08	schultmc	Any objections?
2026-01-12 21:18:13	schultmc	works for me
2026-01-12 21:18:14	jesusalva	(We'll keep on a case-by-base basis to cover emergencies, or expenses which will safeguard all projects or help multiple of them at once)
2026-01-12 21:18:14	fungi	i'll be around
2026-01-12 21:18:29	jesusalva	I'll be on vacations on that date
2026-01-12 21:18:30	zumbi	It should be fine here
2026-01-12 21:18:44	jesusalva	Not sure if I'll be able to attend, but will try to
2026-01-12 21:19:05	<--	jesusalva (~jesusalva@000218ef.user.oftc.net) has quit (Quit: Good bye, may Jesus bless you.)
2026-01-12 21:19:07	zumbi	I have one more thing.
2026-01-12 21:19:43	Jesusalva[m]	Go ahead 
2026-01-12 21:19:47	Jesusalva[m]	I'm still around
2026-01-12 21:19:57	zumbi	I would like to relax payment policy, "must NET30" to "should NET90"
2026-01-12 21:20:35	zumbi	I meant the part of asking for reimbursements
2026-01-12 21:20:53	zumbi	not the payment, that can stay at NET30
2026-01-12 21:21:01	fungi	does that need an update to the new reimbursement policy?
2026-01-12 21:21:03	Jesusalva[m]	I believe you don't need the board approval for this change? Just to communicate by email with some advance in case anyone objects 
2026-01-12 21:21:15	zumbi	ok
2026-01-12 21:21:29	zumbi	I follow about it by email
2026-01-12 21:21:38	zumbi	.
2026-01-12 21:21:40	fungi	looks like it would adjust paragraph 13
