2026-02-09 20:01:45	schultmc1	[item 1, Opening]
2026-02-09 20:01:45	schultmc1	Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
2026-02-09 20:01:45	schultmc1	is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
2026-02-09 20:01:48	schultmc1	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2026/2026-02-09/
2026-02-09 20:01:50	schultmc1	[item 2, Roll Call]
2026-02-09 20:01:53	schultmc1	Directors, please state your name
2026-02-09 20:01:55	jesusalva	Jonatas L. Nogueira
2026-02-09 20:01:55	schultmc1	Guests, please /msg your names to fungi if you wish your attendance to be
2026-02-09 20:01:55	fungi	Jeremy Stanley
2026-02-09 20:01:58	schultmc1	recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
2026-02-09 20:02:00	schultmc1	.
2026-02-09 20:02:03	schultmc1	fungi, do we have any regrets?
2026-02-09 20:02:04	zumbi	Héctor Orón Martínez
2026-02-09 20:02:05	--	schultmc1 is now known as schultmc
2026-02-09 20:02:06	mappx	Katie McMillan
2026-02-09 20:02:08	jconway	Joe Conway
2026-02-09 20:02:10	schultmc	Michael Schultheiss
2026-02-09 20:02:13	schultmc	Michael Schultheiss
2026-02-09 20:02:13	fungi	fsf and borden sent regrets just in the past hour, but nobody else
2026-02-09 20:02:50	schultmc	That's quorum - any other available directors can join later if they're available
2026-02-09 20:04:15	schultmc	[item 3, President's Report]
2026-02-09 20:04:15	schultmc	Martin, Héctor and I are working to prepare to get our 2025 financial
2026-02-09 20:04:15	schultmc	statements audited.
2026-02-09 20:04:15	schultmc	.
2026-02-09 20:04:15	schultmc	I am primarily working to assist the Treasury team on processing
2026-02-09 20:04:17	schultmc	outstanding requests.
2026-02-09 20:04:20	schultmc	.
2026-02-09 20:04:22	schultmc	</done>
2026-02-09 20:04:25	schultmc	.
2026-02-09 20:04:27	schultmc	Jesusalva[m]: Anything to add?
2026-02-09 20:04:38	jesusalva	I'm currently in vacations but if there's anything urgent by all means poke me.
2026-02-09 20:04:48	jesusalva	</done>
2026-02-09 20:04:50	schultmc	[item 4, Treasurer's Report]
2026-02-09 20:04:51	schultmc	zumbi?
2026-02-09 20:04:55	zumbi	one sec
2026-02-09 20:06:04	zumbi	Processed payment queue at end of January. There are two or three stalled items, which should be unblock
2026-02-09 20:06:07	zumbi	ed soon. Also downloaded latest statements and those are being timely processed this month. Thanks Marti
2026-02-09 20:06:12	zumbi	n for all the help.
2026-02-09 20:06:16	zumbi	Visited FOSDEM and met with STF team and also I had chance to met other associated project liasons as we
2026-02-09 20:06:16	zumbi	ll as Celestin. I think it was good, I hope to send email to board about it.
2026-02-09 20:06:18	zumbi	I have also started working on improvements as we discussed in the last meeting for improving our donati
2026-02-09 20:06:21	zumbi	ons platform.
2026-02-09 20:06:24	zumbi	If you have any urgency, please reach out.
2026-02-09 20:06:26	zumbi	Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including president, vice-president and contractors.
2026-02-09 20:06:29	zumbi	.
2026-02-09 20:06:32	zumbi	</done>
2026-02-09 20:06:38	zumbi	(apologies for the line breaks)
2026-02-09 20:06:58	fungi	i'll fix them in the minutes
2026-02-09 20:07:24	schultmc	[item 5, Secretary's report]
2026-02-09 20:07:26	schultmc	fungi?
2026-02-09 20:07:35	fungi	So far, I have only recorded 2026 Conflict of Interest forms from milan, fsf, jconway and myself, and therefore still need them from the remaining 5 directors. If you believe you submitted one to the secretary E-mail address and I've missed it, let me know. If you need help accessing the template (conflicts/exhibit-a in the board-private Git repository), reach out and I'll try to help.
2026-02-09 20:07:35	fungi	EOF
2026-02-09 20:08:50	jesusalva	Oh right. I forgot to send mine. Rookie mistake -.-
2026-02-09 20:08:59	schultmc	fungi: I recall working on it but may need to resubmit - I'll check my sent mail
2026-02-09 20:09:07	fungi	thanks!
2026-02-09 20:09:25	schultmc	[item 6, Outstanding minutes]
2026-02-09 20:09:25	schultmc	The minutes for 2026-01-12 are outstanding. They may be
2026-02-09 20:09:25	schultmc	reviewed at:
2026-02-09 20:09:27	schultmc	https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2026/2026-01-12/
2026-02-09 20:10:42	fungi	i'm set up to run the voote if we're ready
2026-02-09 20:10:52	fungi	er, the vote
2026-02-09 20:11:04	jesusalva	I'm ready to vote...
2026-02-09 20:11:12	jconway	+1
2026-02-09 20:11:19	mappx	+1
2026-02-09 20:11:28	fungi	loos like the only absent with no regrets is milan, so we have 6
2026-02-09 20:11:36	fungi	Voting started, 6 people (fungi,jconway,jesusalva,mappx,schultmc,zumbi) allowed to vote on Accept meeting minutes for Monday, 12 January, 2026. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2026-02-09 20:11:38	zumbi	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:11:40	jesusalva	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:11:43	fungi	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:11:43	jconway	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:11:44	mappx	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:11:53	schultmc	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:12:13	fungi	Current voting results for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday, 12 January, 2026": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2026-02-09 20:12:21	fungi	Voting for "Accept meeting minutes for Monday, 12 January, 2026" closed.
2026-02-09 20:12:29	schultmc	[item 7, Items up for discussion]
2026-02-09 20:12:31	schultmc	[item 7.1, Resolution 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project]
2026-02-09 20:12:38	schultmc	Jesusalva[m] ?
2026-02-09 20:12:50	fungi	#link https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2026/2026-02-09/draft-2026-02-09.jln.1/ Draft resolution 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project
2026-02-09 20:13:06	jesusalva	Lua (https://lua.org/ | http://www.lua.inf.puc-rio.br/) is a widely used programming language, especially by games. They reached out for support in collecting funds from GSoC.
2026-02-09 20:13:26	jesusalva	I believe them to meet SPI association criteria, and put forward the present resolution to invite them to associate to SPI.
2026-02-09 20:13:43	jesusalva	Does anyone have any questions/objections?
2026-02-09 20:14:36	zumbi	Nothing from me
2026-02-09 20:14:47	fungi	i have no objections, and am set to run the vote if/when everyone is satisfied
2026-02-09 20:14:56	schultmc	What is LabLua (i.e. structure wise)?
2026-02-09 20:15:08	mappx	I was just going to ask that :)
2026-02-09 20:15:33	jesusalva	LabLua is the research laboratory with custody over the Lua trademark and in charge of its development
2026-02-09 20:15:48	jesusalva	(To be on the safe side, I did some research on it as well)
2026-02-09 20:16:10	zumbi	#link https://www.inf.puc-rio.br/en/laboratory/lablua/
2026-02-09 20:16:14	jesusalva	Yes. "Lua is now housed at LabLua, a laboratory of the Department of Computer Science of PUC-Rio." (from lua.org about page)
2026-02-09 20:16:25	jesusalva	Which links to the page zumbi sent
2026-02-09 20:16:31	schultmc	Does the university have any objection to the project joining SPI?
2026-02-09 20:16:38	milan	Milan Kupcevic, sorry for being late
2026-02-09 20:17:12	jesusalva	I don't think so. The liaison would be the head of the laboratory, Professor Roberto Ierusalimschy
2026-02-09 20:17:33	schultmc	I have no further questions or concerns assuming the lab has no issues with the project joining SPI
2026-02-09 20:20:04	jesusalva	fungi?
2026-02-09 20:20:20	fungi	are we ready to call a vote?
2026-02-09 20:20:48	mappx	+1
2026-02-09 20:20:55	jesusalva	I guess so - at least, it's been long enough for anyone with objections/questions to raise them
2026-02-09 20:20:55	fungi	Voting started, 7 people (fungi,jconway,jesusalva,mappx,milan,schultmc,zumbi) allowed to vote on Approve 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
2026-02-09 20:21:03	fungi	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:05	jconway	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:09	zumbi	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:09	mappx	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:09	schultmc	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:11	milan	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:13	jesusalva	!vote yes
2026-02-09 20:21:29	fungi	Current voting results for "Approve 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
2026-02-09 20:21:38	fungi	Voting for "Approve 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project" closed.
2026-02-09 20:21:38	schultmc	[item 8, Any other business]
2026-02-09 20:21:41	schultmc	Anything to discuss?
2026-02-09 20:21:43	jesusalva	Yes
2026-02-09 20:22:02	jesusalva	I want to unblock the Payment Clerk thing with zumbi, so we can follow up on discussion of budgets and whatnot (see email chains)
2026-02-09 20:22:21	jesusalva	I believe we can improve our governance further
2026-02-09 20:23:02	jesusalva	For that, a payment clerk is very important, to free up the treasurer's volunteer time to do actual governance and strategical thinking
2026-02-09 20:23:18	jesusalva	And second, we still owe m_rabelo a reply
2026-02-09 20:23:42	jesusalva	I've invited him in case any directors has questions about his mapping, and also so he can answer mappx's question about RACI chart
2026-02-09 20:23:42	fungi	i thought we held a vote on the payment clerk already, or am i misremembering?
2026-02-09 20:23:54	jesusalva	fungi: I think we did, yes. It was just a bump as it was a while ago
2026-02-09 20:24:06	jesusalva	(also to make sure if anyone changed opinion, they can manifest it)
2026-02-09 20:24:09	fungi	okay, thanks
2026-02-09 20:24:31	jesusalva	Otherwise, I want to invite m_rabelo to speak.
2026-02-09 20:24:34	mappx	I think that would be very helpful, jesusalva
2026-02-09 20:25:00	zumbi	jesusalva: I think is fine to post the job offer. I also want to automate part of the tasks hiring some development work for donations platform.
2026-02-09 20:25:04	m_rabelo	Hello, gus
2026-02-09 20:25:35	m_rabelo	err, guys
2026-02-09 20:26:15	zumbi	Hello m_rabelo -- Thanks for the document work, I had opened just earlier today, but it'll take some time for me to read over it, however I skimmed through it and it looked very interesting.
2026-02-09 20:26:17	m_rabelo	I'm here to answer any questions you may have about process mapping. Feel free to ask.
2026-02-09 20:26:52	zumbi	From my side, I have no questions yet
2026-02-09 20:27:49	jesusalva	Perdu had made a few remarks on it
2026-02-09 20:27:59	m_rabelo	It's a large but very necessary document. It's the first step in creating a risk management document and preventing organizational problems.
2026-02-09 20:28:29	fungi	it sounded like mappx had a raci chart question? what was the question?
2026-02-09 20:28:59	mappx	yes, I was wondering if adding a RACI chart would be possible?
2026-02-09 20:29:55	m_rabelo	This first document is global. It focuses on positions, not people. I believe, from my experience, that we can base it on people at a later stage
2026-02-09 20:30:19	mappx	okay, that makes sense
2026-02-09 20:30:56	m_rabelo	But it is very possible to do.
2026-02-09 20:31:35	mappx	okay, that answers my question, thank you
2026-02-09 20:31:35	jesusalva	From my side, Perdu mentioned the Board doesn't have a policy about cleaning up old NCM memberships, potential people who no longer have an interest and didn't log in several years, yet we have kept their PII. Not to mention he needs to deprecate the old passwords hashing, so if we want to set up such policy, now would be a good time.
2026-02-09 20:31:39	jesusalva	It was also pointed out that there is no info on what to do if president changes.
2026-02-09 20:32:35	m_rabelo	The idea is for it to be a document for the organization. With the RACI, we will do something for the current management of the organization.
2026-02-09 20:32:52	schultmc	iirc there is some documentation on presidential changes (we began tracking some of that info when hydroxide stepped down from the role)
2026-02-09 20:33:30	jesusalva	Hmm, might be worth trying to locate them, I guess.
2026-02-09 20:34:15	jesusalva	Another point though, it was pointed during the mapping several risks we have, such as excessive permissions for uninvolved people etc
2026-02-09 20:34:42	jesusalva	m_rabelo had earlier suggested we follow up with a risk mapping, to identify these weak points and hopefully address them
2026-02-09 20:34:56	jesusalva	To be honest, I think it'll take a long time to address all of them, but mapping them out might be a good first step.
2026-02-09 20:36:01	fungi	addressing identified risks isn't an all-or-nothing proposition anywy. if there are high risks identified with relative ease to mitigate, they could be prioritized
2026-02-09 20:36:52	fungi	low risks that are hard to mitigate might linger indefinitely, on the other hand
2026-02-09 20:37:17	jesusalva	Yeah. I would also prefer a risk assessment to be ordered by impact×complexity, though not sure if that can be done
2026-02-09 20:37:21	jesusalva	(Or if the Board wishes for it)
2026-02-09 20:37:22	m_rabelo	Yes, mapping is an excellent first step. Then we list the risks, mitigate what is possible, and accept what we cannot change at the moment. But we always monitor the risk we have accepted.
2026-02-09 20:37:42	 *	jesusalva tends to just forget about the accepted risks D:
2026-02-09 20:38:16	jesusalva	Note that would imply in costs for SPI, and I will not go ahead without the Board approval
2026-02-09 20:39:40	m_rabelo	I like to identify by impact; I think it's much more effective, jesusalva
2026-02-09 20:40:32	jesusalva	So, fungi, jconway, mappx, milan, schultmc, zumbi: Any other questions about project mapping? Do you think we should go ahead with risk mapping and/or RACI chart?
2026-02-09 20:40:50	jesusalva	I also think we used up total hours from the original contract with m_rabelo
2026-02-09 20:41:17	mappx	+1 here for risk mapping and/or RACI chart
2026-02-09 20:41:45	jesusalva	m_rabelo: Do you have an estimate on how many additional hours would be required for them? (Also, I'm assuming they cost the same, let us know if they do not)
2026-02-09 20:41:49	milan	Sure. The mapping looks great.
2026-02-09 20:42:27	jesusalva	(And on an off-note, zumbi replied your question about Wise)
2026-02-09 20:42:57	fungi	seems like a good idea to proceed with the risk mapping
2026-02-09 20:43:03	jconway	+1
2026-02-09 20:43:14	milan	Mapping is a voluminous document and very important one. +1 for risk mapping
2026-02-09 20:43:14	m_rabelo	Initially, I would like everyone to read the document, especially those directly involved. This would allow us to build a more solid document. My perspective is from the outside and may be biased in some aspects.
2026-02-09 20:44:17	zumbi	I agree with m_rabelo, it'd be nice to process the document, then plan next steps, but it all sounds like an excellent exercise to do.
2026-02-09 20:44:49	m_rabelo	The risk management document would take the same amount of time as the mapping. We can keep the same price. I really liked the work.
2026-02-09 20:45:10	jesusalva	And a RACI chart?
2026-02-09 20:45:36	jesusalva	And on that note, I believe we'll also need additional hours from you to adjust the project mapping
2026-02-09 20:45:56	m_rabelo	RACI chart We would add another 20 hours.
2026-02-09 20:46:19	mappx	I really think this is worth doing
2026-02-09 20:46:36	m_rabelo	But remember that you can do it yourselves. If everyone is short on time, I would do it without any problem.
2026-02-09 20:47:24	m_rabelo	The important thing is to understand that the mapping processes are correct.
2026-02-09 20:47:49	jesusalva	Can I make a 3,800 USD request to the Board for this? zumbi? (I included ~10 additional hours in that budget estimate)
2026-02-09 20:48:04	jesusalva	(For a total of 90 hours)
2026-02-09 20:48:39	fungi	sounds fine to me
2026-02-09 20:49:21	jesusalva	(Assuming we have the Board approval and Treasurer clearance, I would like to renew the contract with amendment for RACI and Risk Mapping, with estimated deadline June 30th)
2026-02-09 20:49:27	zumbi	This is fine with me as well
2026-02-09 20:49:44	jesusalva	Any objections? if not, I have nothing else to discuss.
2026-02-09 20:50:03	schultmc	No objections here
2026-02-09 20:50:12	schultmc	Anyone else have anything for AOB?
2026-02-09 20:50:13	zumbi	No objections either
2026-02-09 20:50:24	milan	No objections
2026-02-09 20:50:27	mappx	no objections, nothing to add
2026-02-09 20:50:30	schultmc	[item 9, Next board meeting]
2026-02-09 20:50:30	schultmc	The next board meeting is scheduled for: March 9, 2026 at 2000 UTC.
2026-02-09 20:50:31	schultmc	Any objections?
2026-02-09 20:50:35	jconway	no
2026-02-09 20:50:35	schultmc	WFM
2026-02-09 20:50:38	zumbi	No
2026-02-09 20:50:39	fungi	sounds good to me
2026-02-09 20:50:41	milan	Works for me
2026-02-09 20:50:47	jesusalva	LGTM
