[[!meta title="Resolution 2019-08-11.tp.1: Removing Drizzle as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2019-08-11.tp.1: Removing Drizzle as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [August 12, 2019](/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-08-12/).

WHEREAS

1. Drizzle is currently an SPI associated project.

2. The Drizzle project, a fork of the MySQL project made in 2008, has
been defunct for many years and is no longer under active development.

3. The Drizzle project liaison has proposed that it should be removed
from the list of active SPI projects.

4. The Drizzle project liaison has proposed that all Drizzle assets are
to be forwarded to the SPI general fund.

5. In particular the Drizzle trademark is free to be managed by the SPI
board as best fits the overall mission of SPI.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Drizzle is removed from the list of SPI associated projects.

2. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of Drizzle.

3. This is subject to any undischarged obligations SPI may have with
respect to Drizzle. We are not aware of any such undischarged
obligations. We ask anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30
days of this resolution.

4. It is SPI's good-faith intention to manage the Drizzle
trademark in a manner that appropriately befits the overall mission
of SPI.
