[[!meta title="Resolution 2019-07-08.lf.1: translatewiki as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2019-07-08.lf.1: translatewiki as an associated project

WHEREAS

translatewiki.net is a substantial and significant Free Software
project. Established in 2005, translatewiki.net is a is a translation
community and a localisation platform for free and open source
projects. It started out with localisation for MediaWiki. It now
serves the localisation of tens of additional FOSS projects like
Blockly, iNaturalist, MantisBT, and OpenStreetMap. The
translatewiki.net community consists of thousands of volunteer
translators, proficient in over 200 languages translating and updating
tens of thousands of strings every month. The platform is based on
MediaWiki.

The translatewiki.net developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

translatewiki.net is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

Niklas Laxström is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision
maker and SPI liaison for translatewiki.net. Successors will be
appointed by the outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison
is unavailable or refuses to appoint a successor, by majority vote of
the translatewiki.net Core Team.

If the last known SPI liaison for translatewiki.net is missing in
action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years
the associated project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as
feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a
reasonable time will become part of the SPI general fund.

This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a
majority vote of the translatewiki.net Core Team.
