[[!meta title="Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.2: Arch Linux 32 as associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2019-05-02.jrk.2: Arch Linux 32 as associated project

WHEREAS

1. Arch Linux 32 is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The Arch Linux 32 developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Arch Linux 32 is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Erich Eckner is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
and SPI liaison for Arch Linux 32. Successors will be appointed by the
outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison is unavailable or
refuses to appoint a successor, by a simple majority vote by the current
master key holders of Arch Linux 32.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for Arch Linux 32 is missing in
action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive
years the associated project is deemed defunct.

In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
time will become part of the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
