[[!meta title="Resolution 2019-05-07.lf.1: OpenSAF as associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2019 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2019-05-07.lf.1: OpenSAF as associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [June 10, 2019](/meetings/minutes/2019/2019-06-10/).

WHEREAS

1. OpenSAF is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The OpenSAF developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
  including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. OpenSAF is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
  according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
  1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found
  at [https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/)

2. Jonas Arndt is recognized by SPI as the authoritative decision maker
  and SPI liaison for OpenSAF. Successors will be appointed by the
  outgoing SPI liaison, or if the current SPI liaison is unavailable or
  refuses to appoint a successor, by majority vote of the OpenSAF
  Technical Leadership Council (TLC).

3. If the last known SPI liaison for OpenSAF is missing in action,
  and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years the
  associated project is deemed defunct.

4. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
  discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or more
  other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which can accept
  the project's assets and use them for a similar purpose, and transfer
  the assets to the identified destination or destinations as feasible.
  Assets for which no such transfer can be arranged within a reasonable
  time will become part of the SPI general fund.

This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board. Acceptance of the invitation requires a
majority vote of the OpenSAF Technical Leadership Council (TLC).
