[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, April 8th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the April 8th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-04-08.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They drafted new 
paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
that paperwork signed and submitted shortly.

Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Vice President's report

* None

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
I'm pleased to report that the payment queue backlog has been cleared! This means all outstanding invoices and reimbursements have been processed.
The treasury team is currently finalizing the financial reports for the past months. Thanks Martin for the work (tbm).

Significant progress has been made on improving the online reimbursement system. While the core functionality of the new reimbursement system is complete, further testing is necessary before a full launch.
Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or require further information.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

* Secretary was not present.

<pre>
Thanks to all who have submitted their renewed Conflict of Interest forms.
Please get those to me ASAP if you have not done so this year.

Details of possible face-to-face meeting options will be sent by email
within the next few days.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday March 11th 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items for Discussion

* None


## Other Business

* Jonatas is seeking feedback for two contractor proposals
* Zumbi recommends holding a special online meeting to discuss this further
* Jonatas wishes to follow up on tickets 6552 and 7287


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday May 13th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
