[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, January 8th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the January 8th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-01-08.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They drafted new
paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
that paperwork signed and submitted shortly.

Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Vice President's report

* None

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Most 2023 payments were processed and we are working towards closing 2023 books, thanks tbm.
New reimbursement system is now deployed in SPI infrastructure, thanks Perdu and we are starting its evaluation.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am catching up on Secretarial duties regarding an in-person
meeting and ensuring CoI forms are current and done correctly.

No other news or updates.

Please reach out if I may be of assistance in any way.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday December 11th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

### Phone System

SPI currently has one active telephone number, used by the Treasurer.

This number is currently hosted by Google Voice. Do we need a second number for incoming calls?

Perdu will evaluate paid VoIP providers based on features and price.


## Other business

The annual financial audit is approaching. It is good practice, but not required, to rotate firms every 4-5 years. The 2023 report will be the 6th consecutive year for our current firm.

General consensus is to use the current firm for 2023 and obtain quotes for 2024. Defer to tbm.

No objections to asking tbm if he'd like to renew his contract (expired 2024-01-01).

Communications Committee could improve SPI's digital presence.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 12th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
