[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 8th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the July 8th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-07-08.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to
Martin Michlmayr for compiling our Annual Report. 

Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2022
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2024 deadline.

Thank you for all  of our officers and directors who have served SPI for the
past several years. Best wishes to those officers and directors who are leaving
the SPI board and welcome to all new and continuing directors.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Vice President's report

* Vice President was not present.

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
There is work in progress coordinating with different sponsors for different events such DebConf, XDC, etc.
There are pending payments in the queue, which should be addressed in the upcoming weeks.

The ARDC donation refund was completed a few weeks ago.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
This is the SPI Annual General Meeting. In accordance with
Resolution 2004-08-10.dbg.2, we are launching an election for
Board seats that are filled but will imminently become vacant.

Three (3) seats will become vacant this cycle.
President, Vice President, and a Director position.

No one else has stepped down, so I am assuming everyone else is
interested in continuing in their current role(s). Speak up...

No nominations have been received thus far, however I will send
an announcement after this meeting soliciting nominations with a
formalized timeline and details of how this election will be run.

I amended all of the 2024 minutes thus far, which all had a copy
paste error stating imaginary dates in 2023.

Thank you to Martin Michlmayr for prioritizing the Annual Report
and getting that published this morning. If any project have not
yet, but wish to have their summaries included, I am sure tbm is
flexible in this regard.

Please note that minutes have been updated just moments ago, such
that the "Other Business" section from 2024-06-10 is now complete.
No other notable changes were made.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday June 10th 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7\* yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent.

Raw meeting logs incorrectly indicate 6 due to manual counting.


## Items for Discussion

* None


## Other Business

* None

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 12th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
