[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 12th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the February 12th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-02-12.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They drafted new 
paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
that paperwork signed and submitted shortly.

Thank you to SPI Director Jonatas L. Nogueira for helping track outstanding tasks.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
contractors and legal counsel.

Per Treasury team request, I'm working with Merrill Lynch to rebalance some of our accounts and should have that done this week.
</pre>

## Vice President's report

* None

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Most payments are processed. We should start evaluating the reimbursement system in the upcoming month. We are also closing books for the past year.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I have sent the 2024 Conflict of Interest Form directly to board
members whose previous policy has either expired or will expire
within the next few months. Please let me know if you did not
receive this and if you haven't submitted one within ~12 months.

Face-to-face meeting planning is in progress but there is no
update since the last meeting.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday January 8th 2023

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

* None

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 11th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
