[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 11th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan) *(technical difficulties during meeting)*
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the November 11th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-11-11.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2023
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. Our Federal filing
has been submitted and our New York State filing will be filed shortly.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
OpenVAS disassociation, pending since 2018, is finally complete.

I have also written a FAQ for some Treasury-related questions which
projects often have. It'll soon be available on SPI's website.

SPI is still working on ways to make easier for project liaisons
to check how the project funds are doing, to share them with
their community should they wish, and to spend said funds.

I also want to thank to Jeremy Stanley for his continued help
handling prospective projects correspondence and membership applications.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

2024-11-11:

<pre>
Due to personal issues, there are some payments delayed, however,
I expect to have more time again after a week.

It is much appreciated the work by president, vice-president and
contractor to keep up the good state of accounting and payments.
Thanks to the team for all the support.

If any delay affects you, please reach out and we'll prioritize it.
Thanks for your understanding.
</pre>

2024-10-14: (pending)

2024-09-09:

<pre>
Processed pending payments in the queue. Updated accounting books with latest statements.
Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am awaiting the 2024-10-14 Treasurer report.
~I am awaiting the 2024-09-09 Treasurer report.~ (amended as above)

I will have a fairly comprehensive F2F meeting plan prepared
this week for review.

Thanks for your continued patience.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday October 14th 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>*(technical difficulties)*</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 3 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent due to technical difficulties.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Resolution 2024-11-06.ms.1: Remove OpenVAS as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>*(technical difficulties)*</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent due to technical difficulties.

### Vote on Resolution 2024-11-11.js.1: Accept Rigs of Rods as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>*(technical difficulties)*</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent due to technical difficulties.

### Vote on Approve SPI Contractor as per "Board Aid Draft - new proposal.pdf"

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>*(technical difficulties)*</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes if Legal approves and this is for one 4-month term</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 1 conditional yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent due to technical difficulties.

## Other business

* Ticket #15620 needs attention; schultmc will take care of it today

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday December 9th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
