[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 9th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the December 9th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-12-09.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2023
financial statements audited. We are worked with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. Our Federal filing
was filed and our New York State filing is being filed ASAP.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
Honoring SPI Board Email vote performed in late November, I and the
existing contractors are working on Kassia's onboarding. Kassia will be,
until March 31st, our administrative assistant / projects manager / board aide.

We expect to reduce the workload over our other officers and contractors,
and to enable SPI staff to focus in several complex tasks we've been postponing for years.

I also want to thank to Jeremy Stanley for his continued help handling
prospective projects correspondence and membership applications.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments queue has been cleared a couple weeks ago, but it is filling up quickly,
we'll continue with payments over the upcoming weeks. Current status is good.

Creating Steam account is still pending, we have all that is needed now and
we'll attempt to create it over the upcoming week(s).

This is last month of the year, submit any pending reimbursements as soon as possible.
Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am a bit behind on updating the website for last month's
meeting logs and minutes. An email was sent out with the agenda.

F2F meeting planing has resumed. I hope to have proposals sent
to the board for review by the end of the year. If anyone has
strong opinions about this please share them with me.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday October 14th 2024 deferred (not yet available)

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Resolution 2024-12-09.jln.1: Accept Whisper as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Other business

* None

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday January 13th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
