[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2024 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 14th, 2024

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members partially present__

* Katie McMillan (mappx)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte

These are the minutes for the October 14th, 2024 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2024/2024-10-14.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2023
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2024 deadline.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

Jonatas was not present but submitted this report:

<pre>
I have identified seven project liaisons which were
not subscribed to spi-projects mailing list. I
reached out to them and all but archlinux32 replied.

I have also regularized SPI/Debian's affiliation to
Open Infra Foundation. There was a task in the VP
backlog to regularize Debian's membership to OSI.
When I asked, neither Debian nor Open Source Initiative
replied. I have provisionally dismissed the task as a
wontfix/completed and removed it from my backlog.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

* Treasurer will send Secretary this report later.

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am still awaiting the Treasurer report for 2024-09-09.

With respect to discussions at previous meetings and out-of-band
conversations about SPI housekeeping tasks, task management, and
whether we need to hire additional contractors for assistance, I
am working to get a system in place for better organization. I
have been broadly less available the past few months for prior
commitments, but now have stable and consistent availability.

Planning for a face-to-face meeting has resumed.

Finally, I would like to ask how the Board would like to address
the our Director Katie McMillan's absence. I had not heard from
her by email even around the time of the election.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday August 9th 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Resolution 2024-10-14.jln.1: Remove Gallery as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Other business

* Robin H. Johnson (robbat2, Gentoo Linux) requests help to move PayPal integration along; Michael will ensure it gets completed this week.
* Discussion about project liaison mailing list subscriptions and mapping to actual liaisons
* SPI social media presence (Twitter vs. Mastodon)
* Form 8233
* Phone service discussion/vote

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 11th, 2024 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>

</tbody>
</table>
