20:00 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of director's meeting, which is now called to order.
20:00 #spi: < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2013/2013-02-14/
20:00 #spi: < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 #spi: < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
20:00 #spi: < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
20:00 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
20:00 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
20:00 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas (on flaky internet)
20:00 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
20:00 #spi: < Noodles> I've had regrets from Ganneff, schultmc and Hydroxide.
20:00 #spi: < Noodles> So we need everyone else.
20:00 #spi: < Clint> oh dear
20:00 #spi: < bdale> I don't see linuxpoet on channel
20:01 #spi: < Solver> anyone got a phone number to give him a quick ping?
20:01 #spi: < bdale> I do not
20:01 #spi: < zobel> idle     : 1 days 19 hours 
20:02 #spi: < bdale> the only vote on the agenda today was for last month's minutes, and the only "interesting" item was bgupta's request regarding matching funds which we can certainly talk about even if we're not officially meeting due to quorum failure
20:03 #spi: < bdale> ergo, I'm inclined to give linuxpoet a few mins to show up, but if he doesn't it won't cause actual harm this month if we fail to make quorum
20:03 #spi: < zobel> then lets talk about it without a meeting, due to missing quorum.
20:04 #spi: < bdale> good way to spend the waiting time, at least...
20:04 #spi: < bdale> bgupta: are you here?
20:05 #spi: < bdale> I see some conversation with Hydroxide happened in the channel log earlier today
20:05 #spi: < Solver> bgupta posted to board and I approved in mailman but I do not recall seeing it hit board (and a quick search failed to locate it)
20:05 #spi: < Noodles> It hit board.
20:06 #spi: < Solver> oh thanks
20:06 #spi: < Noodles> I think the issue is the load of accounting for it.
20:06 #spi: < bdale> it's in my inbox via board
20:06 #spi: < bdale> yes
20:06 #spi: < Noodles> What level of info would the matching organization need?
20:06 #spi: < bdale> which ties in to our existing desire to amp up our transaction processing ability
20:06 #spi: < Noodles> Can we maybe do it as a separate Click'n'Pledge or similar bucket, and then the matching org just matches that number?
20:07 #spi: < bdale> that's an interesting thought
20:08 #spi: < bdale> so I gather there's no objection to the general idea of helping host matching fund offers for donations, just concern over the logistics of how we actually do it?
20:08 #spi: < Noodles> Yeah, I think if someone wants to do matching then if we can easily help we should.
20:08 #spi: < Solver> indeed, sounds like a great idea if we can make it work logistically
20:09 #spi: < bdale> ok .. well .. given both schultmc and bgupta appear to not actually be here right now, we probably should just push this back to email?
20:10 #spi: < bdale> and we're now 10 minutes past the hour and failed to meet quorum
20:10 #spi: < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 14 March 2013, 20:00 UTC.
20:10 #spi: < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
20:10 #spi: < bdale> *GAVEL*
