13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> Today's meeting is having one extra point following the elections, the agenda can be found on the web at:  http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2013/2013-10-10/
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 2, Roll Call]
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six. Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: any regrets?
13:02 #spi: < bdale> Bdale Garbee
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> uh, forgot: *GAVEL*
13:03 #spi: < Ganneff> sorry. meh.
13:03 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
13:03 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
13:03 #spi: < linuxhiker> Joshua D. Drake
13:03 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
13:03 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
13:03 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
13:03 #spi: < Noodles> Regrets received from Michael.
13:03 #spi: < zobel> and my connection is currently a bit flanky.
13:04 #spi: < bdale> good, we have quorum plus 1
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> looks like enough people, so lets go on.
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 3, President's Report]
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> Agenda looks like there is none, and Bdale is chatting elsewhere.
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> Bdale: Anything?
13:04 #spi: < bdale> nothing 
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> That's for Michael, who is away. Report in Agenda
13:04 #spi: < Ganneff> anyone else with a comment, maybe relaying stuff?
13:04 #spi: < Noodles> The report in the agenda is actually for July.
13:05 #spi: < Noodles> We're due August + September as well, which I believe are in progress.
13:05 #spi: < Ganneff> oi, right.
13:05 #spi: < Noodles> I think the book-keeping stuff is underway? Is jberkus around to comment on that at all?
13:05 #spi: < Ganneff> guess i should look for more than "sufficiently big gray area" when preparing my writeups :)
13:05 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
13:05 #spi: < Ganneff> woo, quorum plus 2
13:05 #spi: < Noodles> Board minus 1. ;)
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: i seem to remember something around those lines in the channel here lately, yes.
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> jberkus is idle for too long to hope hes back soon, so lets go on.
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 5, Secretary's report]
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> Jonathan?
13:06 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing much from me. We had contact from a Candian organization who seemed to want us to write them a web game.
13:06 #spi: < Hydroxide> heh
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> I pointed out that wasn't within our remit and that I didn't think we could help them.
13:07 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: thanks for replying promptly on that one
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Interestingly the people who had all the money in the world ever coming to them if they could just find a 501(c)3 never got back to us.
13:07 #spi:  * linuxhiker notes sarcasm
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> Nothing else from me.
13:07 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
13:07 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: Two sets to vote, I think.
13:07 #spi: < Noodles> linuxhiker: It /was/ a large sum of money.
13:08 #spi: < Noodles> Yup. One is for a non-quorum meeting but we have a habit of present minutes for those anyway.
13:08 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,noodles,zobel,linuxhiker,hydroxide,solver,bdale,clint) allowed to vote on Minutes for Thursday, 8th August 2013 board meeting. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:08 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < zobel> !vote ye
13:08 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < linuxhiker> !vote abstain
13:08 #spi: < zobel> s
13:08 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel: again
13:08 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:08 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for Thursday, 8th August 2013 board meeting": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
13:08 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for Thursday, 8th August 2013 board meeting" closed.
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,noodles,zobel,linuxhiker,hydroxide,solver,bdale,clint) allowed to vote on Minutes for Thursday, 12th September 2013 board meeting. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:09 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < linuxhiker> !vote abstain
13:09 #spi: < zobel> !vote abstain
13:09 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Minutes for Thursday, 12th September 2013 board meeting": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 0 ()
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Minutes for Thursday, 12th September 2013 board meeting" closed.
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> great, thanks
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> Seems to be one, DebConf 14/SPI status
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> I was contacted by some of the DC 14 team about SPI being the umbrella organization.
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> In the same manner as we were for DC NYC.
13:09 #spi: < Noodles> I don't think this should be a problem?
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> I think they're going to need some signatures soon to confirm the venue.
13:10 #spi: < bdale> seems ok to me, I'd love schultmc to weigh in though
13:10 #spi: < linuxhiker> I don't see why not
13:10 #spi: < Hydroxide> I view it as a request from Debian to keep another separate earmark for stuff within the relationship with Debian
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> was that any more special than what spi is usually doing for debconf?
13:10 #spi: < bdale> Hydroxide: oh, good point.. seems easy, but again I'd like treasurer to weigh in before we just say yes
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> Ganneff: When DebConf is outside the US sometimes there is a local legal entity setup.
13:10 #spi: < Hydroxide> Ganneff: for dc10 we did things like arrange state tax exemption with NY (not needed for Oregon), get event liability insurance, etc
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: s/sometimes/always.
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> ah, so the difference is that there are just more contracts going via spi
13:11 #spi: < bdale> I think so, yes
13:11 #spi: < Noodles> Yes, SPI becomes the local legal entity directly.
13:11 #spi: < Noodles> So one of us needs to sign some of the contracts.
13:11 #spi: < Hydroxide> Ganneff: it still seems within the category of stuff we'd do for any existing associated project, and I'd view this as "within the relationship with Debian" even if we track expenses as DebConf14
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> do we need a vote on that? i think Hydroxides line is what it actually is
13:11 #spi: < bdale> I don't think we need a vote
13:11 #spi: < Noodles> I didn't think it needed a vote, I just wanted to make sure we were aware of it.
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> Hydroxide: yes. it puts more load on the treasurer, but thats it, imo
13:12 #spi: < Hydroxide> fwiw I don't think a vote is needed. I still have an SPI debit card for one of our bank accounts (the Chase one)
13:12 #spi: < Noodles> I've said I'll try to make myself available to the local team.
13:12 #spi: < bdale> I would like our treasurer's comment just because it will put some more load on, but I suspect not much
13:12 #spi: < Hydroxide> and still hvae signing authority for that account. I will probably be able to attend, however probably won't be able to come early.
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> ok, so we wait for schultmcs comment, but generally are fine with it.
13:12 #spi: < bdale> yes
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> lets go on then.
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 8, AOB]
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> Anyone anything?
13:12 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: if you want to follow up with schultmc directly, that might be good
13:13 #spi: < bdale> nothing from me
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> Did we ever hear back from Mishi about the SFC donation?
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: Will do.
13:13 #spi: < bdale> not yet
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> 'k
13:13 #spi: < bdale> bkuhn said again there's not a rush, so I haven't pushed more
13:13 #spi:  * bkuhn reads backlog since his name was mentioend.
13:14 #spi: < bdale> ok, we're breaking for lunch here .. I need to go afk for a bit .. anything else?
13:14 #spi: < Solver> was the donation sent or are we waiting for SFLC to respond before sending it?
13:14 #spi: < bdale> waiting
13:14 #spi: < Noodles> We're waiting for a response.
13:14 #spi: < Solver> ok thanks
13:14 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 9, Next board meeting]
13:14 #spi: < Ganneff> Next board meeting: November 14th, 2013, 20:00 UTC
13:14 #spi: < Ganneff> (assuming there wasnt more AOB stuff)
13:14 #spi: < Noodles> Not from me.
13:15 #spi: < bdale> I'm pretty sure I'll be in Korea, so will offer my regrets if we meet on the 14th
13:15 #spi: < bkuhn> I should note on the last item: Conservancy is very grateful for the offer of the donation.  Sooner for a donation is always better than later.  We haven't spent all the other money we raised yet, so it's not urgent, but eventually, it would be nice.  But it's entirely up to you if you want to donate or not...
13:15 #spi: < bdale> yes, that's KLF week
13:15 #spi: < bkuhn>  ... it sounds like you're legally uncertain as an org whether you can donate or not.  I don't really understand why there's a legal issue here, but that's none of Conservancy's business either, obviously.
13:16 #spi: < bdale> ok, I'm gone for now 
13:16 #spi: < Ganneff> ook, i think if there is more it can go outside, sooo..
13:16 #spi: < Ganneff> *GAVEL*
