13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> *BANG*
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> Today's meeting is having one extra point following the elections, the agenda can be found on the web at:  http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2013/2013-08-08/
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 2, Roll Call]
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six. Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Noodles if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: any regrets?
13:01 #spi: < Noodles> Michael.
13:01 #spi: < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
13:01 #spi: < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
13:01 #spi: < Solver> Robert Brockway
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> Hydroxide
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> bdale
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> linuxpoet
13:02 #spi: < Ganneff> clint
13:03 #spi: < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
13:03 #spi: < Ganneff> 2 more needed.
13:05 #spi: < Ganneff> doesnt look good. Hydroxide ran away, none of the others visible.
13:05 #spi:  * schultmc can be here if absolutely necessary
13:05 #spi: < schultmc> but I'm still in my training class and should pay attention there
13:05 #spi: < zobel> 1 more needed.
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> i give it 4 more minutes
13:06 #spi: < Ganneff> if someone has phone numbers to ping, please do so
13:07 #spi: < Solver> This is probably a good time to remind everyone to put your phone numbers in the board_private repo (there's a file in there)
13:08 #spi: < Solver> So existing officers stay in placee until the next election for officers right?
13:08 #spi: < jberkus> jberkus, observing
13:08 #spi: < jberkus> made it after all
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> jberkus: and wont have a meeting, it seems.
13:09 #spi: < jberkus> feh
13:09 #spi: < jberkus> I will point out that SPI has an attendance policy for board members
13:09 #spi: < zobel> Hydroxide: syn.
13:09 #spi: < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
13:09 #spi: < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
13:09 #spi: < Ganneff> wohoo, just enough, we can go on.
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> There's a problem here.
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> Well. Maybe.
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> yeah. bdale missing and we have a new point 8 today.
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> Quite.
13:10 #spi: < Clint> Clint Adams
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> lets look at that later when we get to it?
13:10 #spi: < Noodles> Ok.
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 3, President's Report]
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> Agenda looks like there is none, and Bdale is out anyways, so next
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
13:10 #spi: < Ganneff> That's for Michael,
13:11 #spi: < Noodles> Sounds like we have a book-keeper. \o/
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> yes
13:11 #spi: < schultmc> brief report is in the agenda - I'll have the financial report out early next week
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> I have selected Foster Results of Westfield, IN as SPI's bookkeeping
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> service.  There is a $350.00 setup fee and a $480.00/mo recurring fee
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> for their services.  An initial kickoff meeting is in the process of
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> being scheduled - I plan to have their bookkeeping services in full
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> service prior to the September 2013 board meeting.
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> there, that one
13:11 #spi: < schultmc> bookkeeper has been selected, initial meeting should be next week with their services fully engaged before the next board meeting
13:11 #spi: < Ganneff> sounds good, thanks
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 5, Secretary's report]
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> Jonathan?
13:12 #spi: < bdale> sorry to be late .. here now .. Bdale Garbee
13:12 #spi: < Noodles> I'm pleased that we managed to get the Swathanthra Malayalam Computing vote through by email.
13:12 #spi: < Ganneff> wohoo, full hourse, except for linuxpoet, but...
13:12 #spi: < jberkus> yah, even if I'm now dealing with Tux4Kids
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> I did have a request for an agenda item, "Is the current approach the SPI Board is taking transparent enough?", but I told the submitter that I thought it should really be brought up on spi-general for discussion.
13:13 #spi: < Ganneff> ack
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> Rather than as an open ended meeting question.
13:13 #spi: < Noodles> I haven't seen him send it to -general yet but I would encourage all of the board to comment in some fashion if/when it hits.
13:14 #spi: < Hydroxide> I'm not sure what the context is, but it's always a reasonable thing for everyone to consider
13:14 #spi: < bdale> right, I was going to ask transparency in what context?
13:15 #spi: < Noodles> Sure. I think there's scope for clarification etc that make it better for an initial list discussion.
13:15 #spi: < bdale> yep, will keep an eye out for such a post
13:15 #spi: < Ganneff> right. done here?
13:15 #spi: < Noodles> Oh, there was an outstanding request for associated project status for an individual.
13:16 #spi: < Noodles> I seem to remember there being some issues around that in the past but I can't remember the details.
13:16 #spi: < Noodles> So if anyone can could they follow up to the mail about it that was on -board?
13:16 #spi: < Ganneff> an individual as a project sounds .. interesting.
13:16 #spi: < bdale> most projects start off with one or two people, the question in the past has been at what point the project becomes significant to warrant associated project status
13:17 #spi: < Noodles> It's a project with one contributer to be precise, but it's effectively funds for that one person as a result. I wondered if we needed to be more careful about directed funds as a result.
13:17 #spi: < Clint> yes, that sounds like a bad idea
13:17 #spi: < jberkus> Noodles: I would say so, yes
13:17 #spi: < jberkus> Noodles: circumstances where we accepted such a project would have to be exceptional
13:17 #spi: < Clint> we shouldn't have money going to people who can say where the money goes to
13:17 #spi: < Noodles> That's what I thought.
13:18 #spi: < Hydroxide> Clint: that's slightly stronger of a statement than I'd use, but yeah, this runs near lots of bpundaries and would require more careful oversight ongoing than probably makes sense. plus we do have "substantial" in our own criteria for projects
13:19 #spi: < bdale> ok, so what's our action here?
13:19 #spi: < Hydroxide> Clint: (counterexample: zack as DPL has used Debian funds to pay travel costs when he's speaking at a nonprofit which can't otherwise afford to fund his trip)
13:19 #spi: < Noodles> Oh! I nearly forgot. Congratulations to everyone who was re-elected at the board election and thanks to all of you for running (and Gregers too).
13:19 #spi: < Solver> Yes indeed.  There have been significant projects where the bulk of efforts was put in my one person (eg, sql-ledger)
13:19 #spi: < Clint> Hydroxide: i would say that shouldn't happen either
13:20 #spi: < jberkus> Solver: sql-ledger is a good counter-example, actually, since that developer *did* misappropriate donated funds
13:20 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: can we proceed? :)
13:20 #spi: < Ganneff> ok. so, someones going to reply to the mail on board? and we are done here for now in the meeting?
13:20 #spi: < Hydroxide> Clint: it was at least within a pattern he applied to other Debian folks systematically, but I agree it might be good if there was a delegated assistant in Debian who could handle such cases as well as generally share the approval load.
13:20 #spi: < Noodles> bdale: I think I need to respond and say it would be difficult for us to accept the project as it stands.
13:20 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel: patience
13:20 #spi:  * Hydroxide drops the issue for the meeting -no need to spend more time
13:20 #spi: < bdale> Noodles: ok, makes sense
13:21 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
13:21 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: One set to vote, I think.
13:21 #spi: < zobel> Ganneff: what's that? (:
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> Yes.
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,noodles,solver,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,clint,bdale) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday, 11th July 2013 AGM. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:21 #spi: < glp_alt> Noodles: thanx
13:21 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday, 11th July 2013 AGM": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
13:21 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday, 11th July 2013 AGM" closed.
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> woo. good.
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> Seems to be none here.
13:22 #spi: < jberkus> Ganneff: what about the grant to SFC?
13:22 #spi: < bdale> it didn't make it to the agenda, apparently?
13:22 #spi: < Ganneff> nothing in agenda.
13:22 #spi: < Noodles> Where did it go?
13:22 #spi: < schultmc> spi-general
13:22 #spi: < jberkus> bdale: I don't know why not.  I submitted it via spi-general days ago
13:23 #spi: < bdale> I recall seeing the email
13:23 #spi: < Solver> same
13:23 #spi: < Noodles> Ah. I don't think I caught it; been a busy week and if it didn't hit secretary@ it got filtered off.
13:23 #spi: < Noodles> Sorry about that.
13:24 #spi: < Ganneff> shoudl we do it now, or next meeting - or by mail vote?
13:24 #spi: < Hydroxide> it's definitely good practice to include secretary@ to avoid snafus like that - I'd still say proceed now though, we've discussed this plenty before
13:24 #spi: < Noodles> (I can see it in my spi/general mail folder fine so it did get here, but I agressively filter lists.)
13:24 #spi: < bdale> if it's not in the agenda and not everyone has read it, trying to vote on it in this meeting would be a challenge
13:24 #spi: < Ganneff> also, hows this going to play with the selected bookkeepers?
13:24 #spi: < jberkus> huh?  it's one check
13:25 #spi: < Ganneff> jberkus: now, the handling with them in the future.
13:25 #spi: < jberkus> Ganneff: I don't understand
13:25 #spi: < bdale> I don't think there's a problem
13:25 #spi: < Hydroxide> I'd be fine with us pausing for 5 minutes for people to read it if they haven't yet, and defer if concerns exist. it seems to be what we discussed previously
13:25 #spi: < bdale> I agree, I'm comfortable with it
13:25 #spi: < Clint> were any of my questions from last time answered?
13:25 #spi: < jberkus> Clint: we made it a restricted grant
13:25 #spi: < Hydroxide> Clint: I think they were discussed pretty extensively on the various lists, if I remember right
13:26 #spi: < jberkus> which was the only concern I saw
13:26 #spi: < Ganneff> http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html
13:26 #spi: < jberkus> oh, and schultmc and I talked about how this would benefit treasurer@
13:26 #spi: < Ganneff> for those who dont have it open
13:26 #spi: < Clint> i also wanted to know what the problems were with our current workflow and how this theoretical software will help
13:26 #spi: < jberkus> Clint: that was discussed quite a bit on the original thread
13:27 #spi: < Solver> I agree with the idea of donating the money.  $10,000 is a substantial sum (20% of reserves) right when costs will be going up (book keeping).  Could we consider $5,000 now and consider another donation later?
13:27 #spi: < Clint> i guess i'll have to re-read
13:27 #spi: < jberkus> Solver: given how they're structuring the project, I'm not sure there will be a "later"
13:27 #spi: < Hydroxide> I'd prefer to keep with the amount we previously recognized was suitable at a time when we already knew we were thinking of signing up for the bookkeeping
13:27 #spi: < Hydroxide> aka $10k
13:28 #spi: < bdale> the new expenses aren't significant compared to our reserves, in any case
13:28 #spi: < Hydroxide> yeah, they're at $53k of their $75k goal right now
13:28 #spi: < Solver> ok thanks.  good to know
13:29 #spi:  * Hydroxide suggests we vote on the proposal which ganneff just linked / jberkus sent earlier in august - feel free to vote no if you disagree, but we should only defer if necessary conversations and answers haven't occurred yet
13:29 #spi: < Hydroxide> aka only if more discussion will provide new info
13:30 #spi: < Ganneff> anyone else up for the vote?
13:30 #spi: < bdale> agreed
13:30 #spi: < Clint> apparently i was supposed to interview you or michael directly
13:30 #spi: < Noodles> So a vote on the proposal in http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html ?
13:30 #spi: < Clint> "The SPI Board has, historically, been blissfully ignorant of the burdens
13:30 #spi: < Clint> its treasurers labor under.  Feel free to interview Michael on the
13:30 #spi: < Clint> topic, or Jimmy.
13:30 #spi: < Clint> "
13:30 #spi: < Ganneff> yes
13:31 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,noodles,solver,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,clint,bdale) allowed to vote on SPI to fund SFC accounting software work to $10,000 as per lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:31 #spi: < zobel> !vote abstain
13:31 #spi: < Clint> !vote no
13:32 #spi: < Noodles> !vote abstain
13:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:32 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote abstain
13:32 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:32 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
13:32 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:32 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "SPI to fund SFC accounting software work to $10,000 as per lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html": Yes: 4, No: 1, Abstain: 3, Missing: 0 ()
13:32 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "SPI to fund SFC accounting software work to $10,000 as per lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html" closed.
13:32 #spi: < Hydroxide> Clint: I think other replies in the thread gave more detail on the issues to
13:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> +o
13:33 #spi: < Clint> do you have specific pointers?
13:33 #spi: < Clint> i guess it doesn't matter now
13:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> i:Exit  -:PrevPg  <Space>:NextPg v:View Attachm.  d:Del  r:Reply  j:Next ?:Help Date: Thu, 02 May 2013 15:10:03 -0700                                           
13:33 #spi: < Ganneff> right. now with the vote done, lets go on.
13:33 #spi: < Hydroxide> gah, bad paste
13:33 #spi: < Solver> Hydroxide: :)
13:33 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 8, Appointment of board officers]
13:33 #spi: < Ganneff> Noodles: your stage?
13:34 #spi: < jberkus> thanks for resolving that
13:34 #spi: < Noodles> All the officer positions are up for renewal. 
13:34 #spi: < jberkus> I'll prepare the paperwork and send it to the board
13:34 #spi: < Noodles> I can remember seeing bdale state he wished to run again.
13:34 #spi:  * Ganneff too
13:34 #spi:  * bdale notes, in passing, that this vote was the closes to a "split decision" we've had in years
13:34 #spi:  * schultmc too
13:35 #spi: < bdale> yes, I stated in my re-election platform to the board that I'm willing to continue to serve if the board so wishes
13:35 #spi:  * Hydroxide continues to have insufficient free time to give SPI the commitment he really wants to give it, so can't justify running for an officer seat.
13:35 #spi:  * Solver is not running for any officer position
13:35 #spi: < Ganneff> anyone want to have a change in officers? or take over one position?
13:35 #spi: < bdale> by way of full disclosure, the logistics downstream of the destruction of our house continue to pose challenges for my attention to SPI, but it's better now than a month ago and should keep getting better
13:35 #spi: < Noodles> I am happy to remain as secretary provided no one else is eyeing the role.
13:36 #spi:  * zobel will also not run for any positions.
13:36 #spi: < bdale> I was late today because I was doing the last bit of prep-work for the foundation demolition this morning, for example, and lost track of time
13:36 #spi: < Noodles> So I think that just leaves Clint?
13:36 #spi: < Clint> Clint is not running for anything
13:36 #spi: < zobel> and jberkus?
13:36 #spi: < Ganneff> so it continues with Bdale -> President, Me -> VicePresident, Noodles -> Secretary, Michael -> Treasurer.
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> zobel: isnt board
13:37 #spi: < Noodles> Ok. So a vote to continue with the current board officers?
13:37 #spi: < jberkus> zobel: I'm not a board member
13:37 #spi: < zobel> ah
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> linuxpoet is
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> but isnt here
13:37 #spi: < Noodles> He's not here.
13:37 #spi: < zobel> gah. 
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> (attendence policy, jberkus named it)
13:37 #spi: < Ganneff> but thats another topic (not today), so i think this topic here is done too, no changes in officers.
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> Voting started, 8 people (ganneff,noodles,solver,zobel,hydroxide,schultmc,clint,bdale) allowed to vote on Accept the continuation of Bdale, Joerg, Michael and Jonathan as President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary for the following year. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < Clint> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < Solver> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < Ganneff> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < Hydroxide> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < zobel> Noodles: do we really need a vote, if everyone states he wants or he wants not?
13:38 #spi: < zobel> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < schultmc> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < bdale> !vote yes
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> Current voting results for "Accept the continuation of Bdale, Joerg, Michael and Jonathan as President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary for the following year": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> Voting for "Accept the continuation of Bdale, Joerg, Michael and Jonathan as President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary for the following year" closed.
13:38 #spi: < bdale> zobel: it's good form to be able to state that the board voted to retain the current slate of officers, if nothing else
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> We've had a vote in years past. It might be no one wants to run but doesn't like our current board.
13:38 #spi: < Noodles> s/board/officers/
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> ok, thanks everyone on board and to the other officers for being up to it.
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 9, AOB]
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> Anyone anything?
13:39 #spi: < bdale> Ganneff: thank you for taking the reins today
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> bdale: ahjoah
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> [item 10, Next board meeting]
13:39 #spi: < Ganneff> Next board meeting: Thursday, September 12th, 2013, 20:00 UTC
13:40 #spi: < bdale> works for me
13:40 #spi: < Ganneff> *GAVEL*
