[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 13th, 2022

__Board members present__

 * Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
 * Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
 * Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
 * Joe Conway (jconway)
 * Forrest Fleming (fsf)
 * Milan Kupcevic (milan)
 * Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World
* Juna Jernberg (bittin^)

These are the minutes for the February 13th, 2022 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2022/2022-02-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Many of the board were able to meet via video conference last month in
lieu of our monthly IRC meeting and in lieu of our fall in-person face
to face meetings.  Many fruitful discussions were had and thank you to
all of the board members who were able to attend.

Stephen Frost, Héctor Orón Martínez, and I are planning on an in
person meeting in Indianapolis this spring to update the signatories
on our bank accounts, meet with our wealth management advisors, and
finalize handover of treasury tasks.  The scheduling of this face to
face meeting is still being finalized.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments queue is being processed. We are still pending to do
signatures in real life when F2F in Indianapolis in spring.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

Tim Potter not present.

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

No previous minutes were available for discussion.

## Items up for discussion

### GDPR

Hector Martínez brought up engaging with a data protection company to
prepare a proposal on data collection for associated projects and
their compliance with the GDPR. It was agreed to request a statement
of work about possible issues that might be present in regard to data
protection.

## Any other business

No other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 14th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
