[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 10th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Zach van Rijn (zv)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

## President's Report

<pre>
I've been working with the associated projects that recently held or will soon
be hosting conferences and their hosting venues to get everything ready from
SPI's side.  Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for
handling contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Vice-president's report:

<pre>
Our IT contractor will be working on the members system a lot more now that
other things have cleared a bit
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments are being processed. Last month statements have been checked out and
monthly reports should go out soon. I should have more time for SPI in the
upcoming months.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Tim has passed ownership of the Apple developer organization to the President;
all SPI users should now be unblocked. Please contact me (fsf) if there are
any issues going forward.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday September 12th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes (recorded after official vote)</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

* None

## Any other business

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 14th, 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
