[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 11th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (shultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Forrest Fleming

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva), incoming board member
* Zach van Rijn (zv), incoming board member

## President's Report

<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to Martin
Michlmayr for compiling our Annual Report.

Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2021
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2022 deadline.

Thank you for all  of our officers and directors who have served SPI for the
past several years. Best wishes to those officers and directors who are leaving
the SPI board and welcome to all new and continuing directors.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Stephen Frost adds:

<pre>
We got an update from counsel which I forwarded on to the board.  If any
questions or concerns there, please let me know, otherwise my intention is to
continue using our counsel moving forward.

We continue to make progress with our IT contractor getting the new membership
system in place and handling other IT related tasks. Projects may have received
notification that we're working with our domain registrar to get domains for
projects covered by them without having to charge the project. That's still in
progress but we have confirmation from our registrar that they're generally
willing to support domain registration for domains which are actively being
used by projects which are associated with SPI. Of course, we don't wish to
over-use this, so we do ask that projects be sure to only ask for actively used
domains to be covered in this manner.

We are also looking into a possible issue with RT around initial ticket ack's
being sent to CC's.  That's not happening when tickets are created through the
website and we aren't 100% sure if that's correct or not. Not a huge deal
either way but may have lead to some confusion which we are working to rectify.
Apologies to anyone from any projects who was confused.

If anyone has questions regarding domain registrations, please feel free to
reach out to me.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments are being processed. Collected statements for June, treasurer monthly
reports should go out soon. Audit keeps in progress. Thanks Martin (tbm) for
all the great work.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am pleased to report that we have four applicants for the five open
positions on the SPI Board. No election was required.

fsf and zumbi are standing for their positions again. I'd like to thank lamby
for his service on the board this last three years, and this will be my last
meeting as well.

Zach van Rijn and jesusalva have volunteered as new members - congraulations
and thanks to you both for volunteering to help out at SPI.
</pre>

## Annual report

Available at [https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/annual-reports/2021.pdf](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/annual-reports/2021.pdf)

## Vote on minutes for meeting Monday June 13th 2022

Available at [https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-06-13/](https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-06-13/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Scheduled items for discussion

None

## Open floor

* jesusalva asks about going from 9 to 8 board members; asks if more board
seats will be opened
* Snow-Man answers that the seat is considered open, and that if someone is
interested and contacts the board, the board can decide (or not) to appoint
that person. In any case, bylaws must be followed, which stipulate that the
board has between 8 and 12 members, inclusive.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 8th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org. This meeting will be public.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th><th>Notes</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019/July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td><td>Outgoing</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019/July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td><td></td><td>Outgoing</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td></td><td>Incoming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn></td><td>/td><td>Incoming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td></td><td>Outgoing</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
