[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 12th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Zach van Rijn (zv)

__Board members partially present__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

## President's Report

<pre>
Two of our associated projects are holding conferences later this month or next
month. I've been working with the projects and their hosting venues to get
everything ready from SPI's side.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with
our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Delivered by Michael Schultheiss, as Héctor Orón Martínez was not present at
time of delivery. Héctor did not have additional information to add upon his
arrival.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I believe that the relevant portions of the website are up-to-date to reflect
new officers and board members. Please let me know (or submit a pull request on
GitLab) if there are any outstanding corrections to be made.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday July 11th 2022

Stephen Frost and Héctor Orón Martínez were not available at the time of vote.
Stephen Frost expressed his approval of the minutes, although this vote is not
reflected in the official count below.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 2 abstain, 0 no.

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday August 8th 2022

Stephen Frost and Héctor Orón Martínez were not available at the time of vote.
Stephen Frost expressed his approval of the minutes, although this vote is not
reflected in the official count below.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

* None

## Any other business

### Face-to-face meeting

Some board members expressed reservations about the safety of a face-to-face
meeting. It was generally agreed that such an in-person meeting is reasonable,
though individual board members may choose not to attend based on their risk
tolerances. Location, date, and precise mechanisms for virtual attendance are
still to-be-decided. Further discussion will take place on the board@ list.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday October 10th, 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
