[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 13th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Luis Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)

These are the minutes for the June 13th, 2022 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2022/2022-06-13-log.txt).

## President's Report

Michael Schultheiss was not present.

Stephen Frost gave an update as Vice President:

<pre>
We continue to work with our contractors to move things forward, in
particular the new membership system and also getting off of the old
systems and on to the new ones.

We recently chatted w/ Gandi and it sounds like they're open to
potentially helping with domains and renewals. Projects who have
domains with SPI should expect to hear from our IT contractor soon
regarding getting them set up with the Gandi group that is supporting
SPI with domain renewals.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Slow progress, due to paternity. However, payments are being
processed, but there is some backlog that should be addressed end of
this week. Statements had been collected for April and May, and
website should also get updated real soon now.Audit is progressing and
we keep looking for required documentation for auditor.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Board elections are coming up in July. I'll be sending out the usual
email to the members list asking for nominations.Existing directors
are encouraged to reapply and we'd love to have new people on the
board as well.

I will be resigning at the conclusion of the election (one year early)
for personal reasons. I'm happy to help out anyone who would like to
take over with advice, templates etc.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday April 9th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Considering application for Battle for Wesnoth as an associated project

Formal resolution has not been created as missing an official liaison
for the project but is very close to being ready for a vote.

### Debian invoice 1054

It was agreed to pay this invoice in advance of a formal agreement due
to time contraints. Details are contained in the RT ticket.

### Vote on application for MPI Forum as an associted project

[Resolution 2022-06-13.tmp.1: MPI Forum as an Associated Project](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2022/2022-06-13.tmp.1/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

### SPI Apple Developer account

SPI already has a developer account for use by associated projects to
publish on the various Apple App Stores. At the moment the small
yearly cost (~US$100) is allocated to the 0.ad associated project as
they are the only user, but additional projects could be changed pro-rata.

### Additional Domain registrar

Stephen Frost says this has been more-or-less handled and the project in question will just be using Gandi.

Célestin Matte is working with them to get that all set up and going,
so I don't think we have any action to take on that.

## Any other business

Another RT ticket (5626) involving an invoice was identified as
lacking some formal paperwork and agreement was reached that this was
OK, but the project will be admonished to use prer channels in the
future.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday July 11th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
