[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 9th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* Luna Jernberg (bittin)
* Jonatas Luis Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the May 9th, 2022 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2022/2022-05-09-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Stephen Frost, Héctor Orón Martínez, and I met the past few days in
Indianapolis. We got signatories updated on all of our bank accounts
and met with our wealth management adviser at Merrill Lynch and are
planning some account consolidations. We also worked heavily in RT and
got both the board and treasurer queues to a more reasonable
level. Héctor should have full access to handle all treasury tasks now
but I continue to be available to assist with treasury tasks as
needed.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
- Updated signatories for bank accounts
- Enabled Zelle donations via treasurer@spi-inc.org, website updated
- Cleaned up treasurer and board RT queues
- Treasurer has now more access for billing information and USD payments
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Minutes and resolutions are all up to date. Please let me know if you
see any errors and I'm happy to fix things up.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday March 28th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday April 11th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on resolution 2022-05-09.mcs.1: Updated SPI Financial Account resolution

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

## Any other business

Stephen Frost reminded directors to be more responsive in addressing
mails sent to the board address as this is the primary contact point
for SPI board members and directors.

Nominations for SPI's 2022 board election open 2022-07-01. Four board
seats are up for election this year. If you are interested in running
for the SPI board, feel free to reach out to current board members to
get information about the SPI board and its director needs.

It was decided that SPI would not renew the expiring Drizzle trademark
due to the project being abandoned many years ago.

SPI is very interested in having folks help us move things forward,
and you don't have to be a board member to help!  We have started
working on a specific document of things that we need help with and
ideas we have about what can be done, including- project liaison (from
SPI back to projects to ask them about how SPI can help them and other
things). We are working on moving the member website towards a
django/python stack for this which will hopefully be easier for new
folks to help with), and there's more that volunteers could definitely
help us out with!  Of course, we also need folks on the board who can
commit to making the regular meetings and handling tasks which need to
be done.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 13th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
