[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 14th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Zach van Rijn (zv)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Luna Jernberg (bittin)

## President's Report

<pre>
I've been working with the associated projects that recently held conferences
to finalize their recent events.  Our auditing firm is filing our federal tax
form and has provided us the information to file our New York State form. Our
2021 audit is nearly complete as well.  Continued thanks to SPI Vice President,
Stephen Frost, for handling contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

Vice-president's report:

<pre>
Please review the work done by our IT contractor so that we can continue to
make progress moving off of the old infrastructure and on to the new.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

From schultmc, on behalf of zumbi:
<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
The Fabrik project is applying to join SPI; we expect to have a vote regarding
their joining at the December meeting.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday October 10th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

* None

## Any other business

* Please review document re: UPS Tools Project

From post-meeting freeform discussion:

* We will refresh the membership committee roster at the next meeting -
  discussion will take place over mailing lists (board@ and spi-general@)
  beforehand.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday December 12th, 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
