[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 28th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the March 28th, 2022 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2022/2022-03-28-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
The federal and New York state filings have been filed. We have tasked
the auditing firm to do an audit of SPI's 2021 finances as well as
complete the federal and New York State filings.

Stephen Frost, Héctor Orón Martínez, and I are planning on an in
person meeting in Indianapolis this spring to update the signatories
on our bank accounts, meet with our wealth management advisers, and
finalize handover of treasury tasks.  The scheduling of this face to
face meeting is still being finalized.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The backlog is being processed, business as usual.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No updates since the last meeting.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Accept minutes for meeting Monday 13th December 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 no and 2 abstain.

### Accept minutes for meeting Monday 14th February 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### 2021 Annual Report

Martin Michlmayr has asked if he has the go ahead to start work on the
Annual Report and there were no objections to this work being started.

## Any other business

No other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday May 9th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
