[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2022 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, April 11th, 2022

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)

__Registered guests present__

* Jonatas Nogueira (jesusalva), The Mana World

These are the minutes for the April 11th, 2022 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2022/2022-04-11-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Stephen Frost, Héctor Orón Martínez, and I are planning on an in
person meeting in Indianapolis this spring to update the signatories
on our bank accounts, meet with our wealth management advisers, and
finalize handover of treasury tasks.  The scheduling of this face to
face meeting is still being finalized.

Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
We have asked auditor to do last year audit, and they are OK with
that, so we are going ahead with that

Signed AWS logo usage policy for OpenZFS and processing payments as
usual, we are in good state.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
No updates.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday March 14th 2022

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>(Not present)</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 4 yes, 0 no and 2 abstain.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Removal of Chakra Linux as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

### Vote on Removal of Glucosio as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 no and 0 abstain.

### Vote on Authority Letter to Sign Documents in AWS Cloud

A spirited discussion about whether the board was willing to give a
non-director authority to sign a legal document on behalf of SPI
occurred and it was decided not to vote on this resolution.

## Any other business

No other business.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday May 9th 2022 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
