[[!meta title="Change to Bylaws (2025)"]]

# Change to Bylaws (2025)

To the membership consideration.

The By-Laws are amended as follow.

### ARTICLE SEVEN - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Where it reads\
> The business of this organization shall be managed by a Board of Directors consisting of eight to 12 members, four of whom shall be the officers of this organization.

Shall then read:\
> The business of this organization shall be managed by a Board of Directors consisting of eight to 12 members, four of whom shall be the officers of this organization, with each election hosting at minimum three and at most four seats for a full term, with the intention for a roughly equal number of directors to be elected each year. As the number of directors changes, the members may elect directors to shorter or longer terms to implement this provision.

Where it reads\
> The directors to be chosen for the ensuing year shall be chosen at the annual meeting of this organization in the same manner and style as the officers of this organization and they shall serve for a term of three years.

Shall then read:\
> The directors to be chosen for the ensuing year shall be chosen at the annual meeting of this organization and, except as otherwise approved by the members to transition to staggered terms, they shall serve for a term of three years. All directors are elected by membership, but the board, by a majority vote of the directors then in office, may appoint interim directors until next elections in case of resignations, when the membership will then elect a new interim director until the date the resigned directors' term would have expired.

### ARTICLE TWELVE - AMENDMENTS

Where it reads:\
> These by-laws may be altered, amended, repealed or added to by an affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the members.

Shall then read:\
> These by-laws may be altered, amended, repealed or added to by an affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast at a meeting at which the quorum established in Article Five is present (i.e. 35% of members eligible to vote).

## RESOLUTIONS ADOPTING BYLAWS:

In the next Board meeting following the approval of this amendment, the Board will append to the By-Laws as an organizational information the transition plan for the staggered terms, in the model as follows:


Name of Director	Year Term Ends
Director 1	2026
Director 2	2026
Director 3	2026
Director 4	2027
Director 5	2027
Director 6	2027
Director 7	2028
Director 8	2028
Director 9	2028

