[[!meta title="Platform for Jeremy Stanley"]]
# Position statement for Jeremy Stanley

I've been a contributing member of SPI since 2021 and served on its
Board of Directors since 2022, but my involvement in free/libre open
source software and communities stretches back to the early 1990s.
As a member of SPI's board I've acted as the designated sponsor for
many of the new projects associated during that time, and also
managed numerous Contributing Member applications as a part of the
Membership Committee.

Outside of the SPI sphere I have a professional background in
systems management, information security, networking, and
Infrastructure-as-a-Service technologies. My present "day job" is on
the Open Infrastructure Foundation staff, where I've worked for the
past 12 years. I currently hold an elected seat on the Specification
Committee for the Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group at
Eclipse Foundation, where I try to provide an SPI perspective in
feedback to government and standards bodies, along with that of the
other foundations in which I participate. I'm a Root Sysadmin for
the OpenDev Collaboratory, a Maintainer of the Zuul CI/CD project,
and a Vulnerability Manager for OpenStack (along with countless
other leadership roles in that project, past and present).

If elected, I intend to continue bringing my perspective from other
communities and foundations to SPI, while also serving as an
ambassador and advocate for SPI's ideals to the broader free/libre
open source ecosystem. I've been lucky to find a long-term career
doing what I love, and have the luxury of being able to give back
through charitable volunteer service to many communities whom I owe
a debt of gratitude. Sincerest thanks to all of you for supporting
Software in the Public Interest.
