[[!meta title="Platform for Borden"]]
# Position statement for Borden

Thank you for considering my nomination to the directors of SPI. I have been an open source enthusiast for the past 20 years, and I look for opportunities to contribute my experience and skills wherever I can. My hope is that I can help SPI's mission in supporting the open source economy.

My training and experience are in accountancy. I have a BComm and an MBA, both from Ontario universities. Years ago, I completed Canada's chartered accountancy exams. I am mostly self-employed, where I provide accounting, regulatory support, and light IT services to individual professional clients. This flexibility in my work schedule should offer additional opportunity for me to contribute to SPI. In the past, I have served on two boards of directors for local, not-for-profit organisations, where I was easily re-elected to multiple terms.

I hope that my advanced training in accounting, finance and business can complement the existing knowledge at SPI and help it increase the value-for-money it gets from investing in open source projects. It's important to me that SPI has the oversight to maintain its regulatory compliance and take advantage of new opportunities to expand the open source economy. Empathy, accountability and evidence are central to my leadership style. I believe good leadership brings out the best in people and encourages teamwork. I try to keep an open mind to allow the evidence to change my opinions.

Again, I am grateful for your consideration, and I am happy to help SPI in its mission in whatever capacity is most needed.
