[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2023 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 13th November, 2023

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday, November 13th
2023, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Héctor Orón Martínez)
5. Secretary's report (Zach van Rijn)
6. Outstanding minutes
    1. [Monday, 9 October, 2023](/meetings/minutes/2023/2023-10-09/)
7. Items up for discussion
    1. Apple Developer Account Billing
    2. Assign someone to oversee/deal with #6983
    3. NTPSEC/ARDC refund of grants
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: December 11, 2023, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Items up for Discussion

### Apple Developer Account Billing

From Jonatas L. Nogueira:

<pre>
Please include for 2023 November 13th meeting a topic to overturn
2022-06-13 (2022 June 13th) meeting decision regarding Apple Developer Account billing.

There's an option for a non profit account (with usage restrictions) but for some
reason it was opted for the standard one (~100 USD/yro). Back then only one project
used it, so it was billed against said project. But now we have more projects using
the account, so instead of splitting the cost pro rata between the projects, it
makes more sense to bill against the General Fund (as it's used by projects in
general, and there are no marginal costs — costs which raise if more projects use —
associated to the account).
</pre>

### Assign someone to oversee/deal with #6983

From Jonatas L. Nogueira:

<pre>
Microsoft for Non Profits is too convoluted to be treated casually, specially given
Debian's and The Mana World's requests for it are far from trivial. Given the
expected amount of back-and-forth with Microsoft support, if no one is assigned to
deal with it, it could easily take a year to finish, which would be plain
incompetence from our side.

I expect a more technical work with at most resigning existing contracts near the
middle or the end, so it likely can be partly delegated to non board members.
</pre>

### NTPSEC/ARDC refund of grants

From Jonatas L. Nogueira:

<pre>
Having received a request from ARDC to refund the amount of 100,000 USD originally
earmarked for NTPSEC, referent to check 1022,

And having run it through the legal counsel, which advised in favor of the
possibility of the refund,

We notify the concerned parties that if no objections are raised, the refund will be
voted during the next board meeting (2023-11-13 20:00 UTC), and if approved, issued
shortly thereafter.

Note from ARDC: "[...] We await correspondence following the SPI board meeting."
</pre>
