20:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest
20:00 < bdale> board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.  Today's agenda
20:00 < bdale> and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at:
20:00 < bdale> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-06-18.html
20:00 < slef> bdale> ok, let's do this in a weird hybrid then...
20:00 < slef> cdlu> Josh, if you can hear us, say something then
20:00 < jberkus> slef: : I don't think I submitted a report
20:00 < bdale> jberkus: I didn't see one
20:00 < slef> They're trying to find a radio mike
20:01 < jberkus> so just ping me for votes
20:01  * bdale waits for a mic
20:01 < slef> IanJackson> I've emailed the OpenVAS resolution from 2005 to spi-general
20:01 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:01 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board
20:01 < bdale> members, quorum for today's meeting is six.  Guests (including board advisors),
20:01 < bdale> please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded
20:01 < slef> bdale> ok, so while those guys futz around figuring out meeting references and so on, let me welcome you to this weird attempt at an ... and we're no more adept at doing this in person than *laughter*
20:01 < bdale> in the minutes of this meeting.
20:01 < bdale> Neil, please update us on known and tentative regrets.
20:02 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:02 < slef> [bdale is confessing to cut-and-pasting the meeting procedural announcements]
20:02 < jberkus> Josh Berkus
20:02 < slef> [introduction of board members on-microphone]
20:03 < slef> [cdlu tries to pass mic around the whole audience... doesn't happen]
20:03 < slef> bdale> I'd like to thank you all for coming to make this as amusing as possible.
20:03 < slef> Joey sent regrets.
20:03 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
20:03 < bdale> Nothing new to report today.
20:03 < mlots> What's the video lag?
20:03 < Ganneff> 2 til 5 secs
20:04 < Maulkin> Voting started, 0 people () allowed to vote on Approve # October 4th, 2005. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:04 < Maulkin> oops...
20:04 < slef> [laughter]
20:04 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve # October 4th, 2005": Yes: 0, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:04 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve # October 4th, 2005" closed.
20:04 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < bdale> Josh?
20:04 < slef> [bdale explains stuff has been pre-emailed mostly, to use the time as well as poss]
20:04 < IanJackson> jberkus: ... ?
20:04 < bdale> jberkus: anything to report?
20:05  * slef waits for * jberkus has signed off (Ping timeout: 480 seconds)
20:05 < jberkus> hold on
20:05 < IanJackson> We're all laughing at you :-).
20:05 < jberkus> The treasurer has been travelling for work
20:05 < jberkus> pretty much non-stop
20:05 < slef> bdale> so, while we're waiting for josh to tell us if he has anything, what we'll try to do is go through the agenda as normal and then hang
20:05 < jberkus> as a result, I'm still behind and have not caught up on data entry or tax issues
20:06 < slef> around to try to talk... [other stuff.. damnit, Jim, I'm a human not a voice-recognition]
20:06 < jberkus> as such, I'll like to talk about electing a new treasurer earlier rather than later
20:06 < bdale> jberkus: ok, thanks for being with us online... 
20:06 < jberkus> no further report.
20:06  * bdale points at schultmc...  ;-)
20:07 < slef> bdale> ok, fair enough BANG
20:07 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:07 < bdale> Neil?
20:07  * schultmc will nominate Ganneff for VP if I'm forced into treasurer :)
20:07 < Ganneff> schultmc wants me to candidate for board? bad schultmc
20:07 < schultmc> Ganneff: you ran last year :P
20:07 < slef> [bdale ignores the unagenda'd treasurer thing]
20:07 < Ganneff> thats like centuries ago.
20:07 < slef> Neil> nothing to report, really
20:08 < slef> IanJackson> there was that resolution that we passed which was a bit contraversial about timings of things before meeting which requested you to publish a timetable and I've not noticed that from you
20:08 < slef> Neil> ermermerm I'll try and get something formal written up and posted out
20:08 < slef> Ian> [...] I'll be in touch with you about that.
20:08 < bdale> [item 6, SPI Trademark report]
20:08 < bdale> Neil?
20:09 < IanJackson> In particular I volunteered to help Neil.
20:09 -!- aigarius [~aigarius@wireless-1-161.internal.dc7.debconf.org] has joined #spi
20:10 < slef> Neil> mj sent this to board summarising spi-trademark's activity.  There was a complaint about hinner.de and it turned out that a word had been omitted from the debian web site, thanks to Josip Rodin for fixing it
20:10 < slef> Neil> there was an enquiry from ? about drupal's trademark.  Last reply was from Greg asking for documents.
20:11 < slef> bdale> I guess the question is what is expected of us.
20:11 < slef> aj> the end of the email said no action required
20:11 < slef> bdale> so I guess we should thank [...sorry, was trying to heckle...]
20:12 < bdale> [item 7, Outstanding minutes]
20:12 < bdale> Neil, what's ready for us today?  Lots, it looks like!
20:12 < slef> Neil> ooh, outstanding minutes!
20:12 < slef> Neil> I'm glad to report that we've 4 sets to approve this month.  First set is ??? 2005
20:12 < aj> Oct 4th 2005
20:12 < Maulkin> Vote starting: Approve October 4th, 2005 minutes
20:12 < slef> 2 abstentions
20:13 < slef> jberkus: ?
20:13 < slef> Ian> I don't think josh is in the meeting. 
20:13 < slef> aj> you can participate by teleconference can't you
20:13 < slef> Ian> but he's not participating by teleconference and he can't hear what we are saying
20:13 < jberkus> here
20:13 < slef> bdale> the question can be posed ...
20:13 < slef> cdlu> he wasn't on the board at the time
20:14 < aj> jberkus: (it's a formality as to whether you're considered present, or observing, or what)
20:14 < bdale> jberkus: since you weren't on the board in 2005, I think we can assume you abstain from voting on those meetings?
20:14 < jberkus> when did the oct meetings get posted?
20:14 < jberkus> yes
20:14 < bdale> s/meetings/minutes/
20:14 < slef> bdale> ok, looks like josh agrees that he'd abstain, so that finesses the whole discussion
20:14 < Maulkin> 4:0:3 pass
20:14 < Maulkin> next: October 18th, 2005
20:14 < aj> (favour, against, abstain)
20:14 < Maulkin> 4:0:3 pass
20:15 < Maulkin> next # November 15th, 2005
20:15 < Maulkin> 4:0:3 pass
20:15 < slef> Neil> we're going to skip the Dec 2005 because there's a lack of resolutions in the mintues
20:15 < slef> bdale> can we expect the April 2007 at the next meeting
20:16 < slef> Neil> [seemed to agree... I'm lagging]
20:16 < bdale> [item 8, Items up for discussion]
20:16 < bdale> [item 8.1, Debian Logo License]
20:16 < bdale> Anything new tonight?
20:16 < slef> bdale> [Neil, do you want to give us a quick summary; aj, would you like to speak up?]
20:17 < slef> Neil> [aj proposed relicensing both debian logos to an MIT-style copyright and enforce the trademark and any enforcement should be aimed at ensuring the logos remain available for promoting debian...
20:18 -!- Womble2 [~womble@shadbolt.e.decadent.org.uk] has left #spi []
20:18 < slef> Neil> [dd business cards and so on... there was feedback from Greg about the trademark on the word debian, so the licence will only apply to the logo, waiting for an OK from sam (new DPL)]
20:18 < bdale> [item 8.2, OpenSource.org summary text]
20:18 < bdale> Neil?
20:18 < slef> bdale> [hopefully as sam's here this week, we can get that OK this week]
20:19 < slef> Neil> a while back, for those who may not be aware, we had a discussion about opensource.org which occurred on the board mailing list [ some concerns were expressed and so we posted an mbox to debian-private and a summary was written and we're waiting for bdale and Branden to approve it...]
20:20 < slef> Ian> [we're waiting for agreement from any board member who's views are represented in the summary]
20:20 < bdale> [item 8.3, OpenVAS]
20:20 < bdale> Neil?
20:20 < slef> bdale> nothing but a gentle prod, so thanks for the gentle prod
20:20 < slef> bdale> Tim's here and who wants to summarise the history. I guess I could.
20:21 < slef> bdale> [openVAS was an SPI project and we were trying to check all our projects and ping them and openVAS was taken off along with others]
20:22 < Maulkin> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2006-11-21-jmb.1.html
20:22 < slef> Hydroxide> [wants to move reassociates, but waits for bdale... aj finds relevant URL...^^]
20:22 < slef> bdale> it's a very short resolution. [reads it]
20:22 < jberkus> I thought we passed that?
20:23 < Hydroxide> jberkus: we did
20:23 < Maulkin> jberkus: Brief summary:
20:23 < Hydroxide> jberkus: we are talking about reassociating them, since they've reappeared in person at debconf and apparently have overcome their online infrastructure problems impeding communication
20:23 < Hydroxide> jberkus: they never actually closed their project
20:23 < slef> Tim> essentially, there was a problem of communication, for which I'd like to apologise. There were server problems and you couldn't get hold of us and we couldn't get hold of you.
20:24 < slef> Ian> can I ask how you tried to get hold of us?
20:24 < jberkus> ok, sure
20:24 -!- yp17 [bill@fac34-1-82-224-137-145.fbx.proxad.net] has joined #spi
20:24 < slef> Tim> there was an email sent back in Sun 25 April 2006 to board
20:25 < slef> Ian> do we now have any contact details for openVAS which hasn't got a single point of failure
20:25 -!- Noodles [~noodles@the.earth.li] has joined #spi
20:25 < slef> Tim> we've updated the openVAS constitution with non-openVAS contact details [gmail, ...]
20:25 < slef> Tim> [more detail]
20:26 < aj> (the board contact as a mail dated Sun, 23 Apr 2006 13:07:31 by Tim Brown, with a followup from Robert Berkowitz also of OpenVAS)
20:26 < slef> bdale> any questions or discussion?
20:26 < slef> Ian> I've dug out the previous res.n about openvas and posted it to spi-general as [...]
20:26 < slef> Ian> [should be amended with new contact details]
20:27 < slef> Ian> [reads email out... it's an associated project resolution... two paragraph 3s...]
20:27 < slef> Ian> [questions different constitution]
20:28 < slef> Tim> [essentially the same]
20:28 < slef> Ian> [I'll rewrite this in the next few minutes]
20:28 < slef> cdlu> can we resend the 2006 resolution?
20:28 < slef> bdale> I think Ian wants to capture the new contact details
20:28 < slef> [Ian confirms, I think]
20:29 < slef> Neil> I keep a list of contact details for assoc projs anyway, but if you want to put it in the resolution then that's fine as well
20:29 < slef> Ian> [reads out details]
20:29 < jberkus> I'm thinking that we need to have at least 3 contacts for each A.P.
20:29 < slef> [Ian sends]
20:30 < bdale> jberkus: ian's resolution has three this time, good suggestion, Neil can fish up current details for the others I suppose?
20:30 < slef> [stunned silence after Josh's comments... whistling from audience]
20:30 < IanJackson> http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~ijackson/d/2005-06-18.iwj.1.txt
20:30 < Ganneff> weird people
20:30 < jberkus> heh
20:30 < bdale> Ganneff: at least it wasn't the theme from Jeopardy...
20:30 < Ganneff> :)
20:30 < slef> What was it?
20:30 < Ganneff> can we all sing the free software song later in the meeting? :)
20:31 < slef> Ian> it would have been better to have organised this in advance wouldn't it?
20:31 < slef> Hydroxide> [incoherence, without microphone]
20:31 < Ganneff> should one paste the text here for all others following?
20:31 < slef> aj> Excuse me. Are we having these resolutions discussed on spi-private or general before voting on them?
20:31 < slef> Ian> oh, this is the wrong version. You want version 2 not version 1...
20:32 < slef> Ian> ok, we'll leave it to next meeting.
20:32 < slef> bdale> [thanks Tim for email and being here]
20:32 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:32 < bdale> Neil?
20:32 < slef> bdale> [incoherence, with microphone]
20:33 < slef> cdlu> July first, annual meeting
20:33 < slef> cdlu> I'll be on a trian
20:33 < slef> cdlu> yes, Sunday July first
20:33 < slef> [haggling]
20:33 < jberkus> July 1?
20:33 < mlots> Ugg, canada day again.
20:33 < jberkus> I'll be on an airplane
20:33 < jberkus> until 11am
20:33 < aj> mlots: it's canada day every year isn't it? :)
20:33 < slef> mlots: it's in the constitution
20:33 < jberkus> then on a train
20:33 < slef> mlots: SPI is canadian.
20:34 < slef> bdale> Neil, do you want to reiterate the election schedule, as we have [something]
20:34 < mlots> Yes.
20:34 < slef> bdale> Annual meeting 1 July, nominations to board open, there's 6 seats opening with [missed it] remaining
20:34 < slef> s/bdale/Ian
20:34 < jberkus> what time?
20:34 < slef> s/Ian/Neil
20:34 < slef> help, I should look up more
20:34 < schultmc> slef: jberkus, Maulkin and schultmc remaining
20:34 < slef> noms close 13 July
20:35 < slef> 15(?) July voting starts
20:35 < slef> 1 August(?) board member meeting
20:35 < aj> 4th august?
20:35 < slef> voting ends some time in the middle, but I'm hopelessly confused
20:35 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.  Until next time!
20:35 < bdale> *GAVEL*
