20:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest
20:00 < bdale> board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.  Today's agenda
20:00 < bdale> and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at:
20:00 < bdale> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-05-18.html
20:00 < cdlu> ohh, good timing
20:00  * slef kicks Maulkin until he bleeds
20:00 < slef> oops
20:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board
20:00 < bdale> members, quorum for today's meeting is six.  Guests (including board advisors),
20:00 < bdale> please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded
20:00 < cdlu> David Graham
20:00 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz
20:00 < bdale> in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < bdale> Neil, please update us on known and tentative regrets.
20:00 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
20:00 < Overfiend__> Branden Robinson
20:00 < cdlu> quorum!
20:00 < bdale> jberkus: ??
20:00 < jberkus> Josh Berkus
20:00 < Overfiend__> looks like schultmc had firm regrets...he should be punished for his pessimism :)
20:01 < schultmc> firm?
20:01  * schultmc had tentative regrets :P
20:01 < Maulkin> schultmc sent regrets, but he's here
20:01 < bdale> anyone else?
20:01 < Maulkin> That's all I could find
20:01 < Overfiend__> oh, the agenda didn't say that
20:01 < Overfiend__> I was just going to go to Panera Bread if I had to
20:01  * cdlu /msg pings Joey who is not very idle
20:01 < Overfiend__> then again, come to think of it, etch is broken with the Intersil Prism wireless in my laptop
20:01 < Overfiend__> so I'd have been hosed :(
20:01  * Maulkin has also pinged him
20:01 < bdale> let's move on, since we're quorate
20:01 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < bdale> Nothing new to report today.
20:02 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:02 < bdale> Josh?
20:02 < jberkus> one moment
20:02 < jberkus> I don't have the treasurer's report
20:03 < bdale> saw your email, didn't know if you had anything to say/add today?
20:03 < jberkus> my travel schedule has been more demanding than expected
20:03 < Overfiend__> er, scuse me, I was busy right up until the meeting and didn't have time to, er...you know
20:03 < Overfiend__> schultmc knows what's up mail-wise
20:03 < Overfiend__> brb
20:03 < jberkus> if it weren't for elections, I would promote the idea of transitioning to schultmc as treasurer sooner rather than later
20:04 < bdale> jberkus: I'm not sure I understand what that's election entangled?
20:04 < bdale> why, even
20:04 < jberkus> schultmc: is up for election
20:04  * schultmc is not
20:04 < jberkus> no?
20:04 < schultmc> officership is
20:04 < schultmc> board membership isn't
20:04 < cdlu> schultmc is one of the few not up for election :)
20:04 < jberkus> schultmc: let's talk about transitioning then ... off meeting
20:04 < bdale> would seem to make that easier then
20:04 < schultmc> jberkus: k
20:05 < jberkus> I'm not keeping up with records, and that's bad
20:05 < bdale> ok, perhaps we can formalize next meeting if that's the right thing to do?
20:05 < jberkus> sure
20:05 < bdale> ok, thanks.  anything else today?
20:05 < cdlu> will we have quorum at debconf for an in-person meeting?
20:05 < schultmc> fwiw, we'll need to find a systems person to be VP
20:05 < jberkus> Neil's not running again?
20:06 < jberkus> cdlu: I won't be there
20:06 < Hydroxide> main thing about meeting at debconf is that we should make sure if we do it that people not in physical attendance (including non-directors) to attend virtually
20:06  * Maulkin is
20:06 < jberkus> cdlu: nor will I be able to dial in
20:06 < bdale> schultmc: good point.  I guess it depends a bit on who runs for and gets elected to the board?  speaking of which, when do we need to start that process?
20:06 < jberkus> ... well, depending on date
20:06 < schultmc> jberkus: you, me and neil were elected to a 3 year term last year
20:06 < jberkus> ok
20:06 < bdale> Hydroxide: one way to handle that might be irc on projector plus video feeds as per other sessions
20:06 < jberkus> good, some stability
20:06 < cdlu> with a microphone attached to an icecast feed or something
20:07 < Hydroxide> bdale: sure. there are definitely solutions possible. we should talk to the video team as Ganneff suggested last meeting
20:07 < bdale> ok, I gather we're done with treasurer discussion.
20:07 < jberkus> yes
20:07 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:07 < bdale> Neil?
20:07 < Maulkin> A mail from Giveline was received asking if we would be interested in their services.
20:07 < bdale> I don't recognize them offhand
20:08 < Maulkin> I forwarded this on to board, but Giveline don't seem to offer anything really positive for us
20:08 < jberkus> was this the one forwared?
20:08 < Maulkin> yup
20:08 < bdale> oh, right
20:08 < jberkus> I stand by my e-mail
20:08 < schultmc> another 501c3 i'm involved in also got contacted by Giveline
20:08 < jberkus> nobody has time to investigate them
20:08 < bdale> schultmc: good to know
20:08 < Maulkin> I've also *just* received a spi-trademark ctte report, but haven't even had time to read it yet. I'll be in next months agenda
20:08 < bdale> ok
20:09 < bdale> do we need to take any action here regarding giveline?
20:09 < Hydroxide> not in my opinion
20:09 < jberkus> I don't think so, there's no proposal before the board
20:09 < bdale> ok, good
20:09 < bdale> Maulkin: anything else?
20:09 < Maulkin> Well, I had a quick glance, and coudn't see any real advantages
20:09 < Overfiend__> back
20:09 < Maulkin> So no, IMO
20:09 < Maulkin> bdale: nope
20:09 < Maulkin> I'm done
20:09 < bdale> ok, thanks!
20:09 < bdale> but you're not really...
20:09 < bdale> [item 6, Spanish Trademark report]
20:09 < bdale> Neil?
20:10 < Maulkin> I've mailed Javier/Javier with offer of re-imbursements for expenses, nothing came back
20:10 < Maulkin> IanJackson also sent a mail out offering to meet up, as he'd be in madrid, but didn't hear anything
20:10 < bdale> ok, I'm tempted to suggest we take this off our recurring agenda until/unless something changes.  opinions?
20:10  * Overfiend__ agrees
20:11  * schultmc agrees
20:11 < jberkus> concur
20:11 < Maulkin> I'm now of the opinion that we're not going to get anywhere unless we find someone else (for free, or paid) that we can use
20:11  * Maulkin agrees
20:11  * Hydroxide thinks we shouldn't lose site of it, though
20:11 < Hydroxide> *sight
20:11 < bdale> perhaps we can have some discussion with Spanish developers at Debconf about this, and determine if there's something more to be done then?
20:11 < Hydroxide> grr
20:11 < Maulkin> bdale: That would be good
20:11  * Maulkin is done
20:12 < bdale> ok, so pending decision on when we next meet, perhaps it stays on the agenda one more time.
20:12 < bdale> [item 7, Outstanding minutes]
20:12 < bdale> Neil, what's ready for us today?
20:12 < Maulkin> one set
20:12 < Maulkin>    5. April 20th, 2007
20:12 < Maulkin> (s/5. //)
20:12 < bdale> ok, I've reviewed them and am ready to vote.  any discussion first?
20:12  * Hydroxide is ready
20:12 < cdlu> not here
20:12  * cdlu moves for a vote
20:12  * schultmc is ready
20:12  * schultmc seconds
20:12 < Maulkin> Voting started, 7 people (cdlu,hydroxide,maulkin,schultmc,bdale,overfiend__,jberkus) allowed to vote on Approve April 20th, 2007 minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:12  * Overfiend__ is ready
20:12 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:12 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:12 < Overfiend__> !vote yes
20:12 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:12 < bdale> !vote yes
20:12 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:12 < jberkus> !vote abstain
20:13 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve April 20th, 2007 minutes": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:13 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve April 20th, 2007 minutes" closed.
20:13 < Maulkin> Done.
20:13 < bdale> ok, thanks
20:13 < bdale> out of curiosity, is anything ever going to be done with the old log-only ones we're carryign on our agenda?
20:13 < cdlu> that's my responsibility that I need to stop putting off.
20:14 < bdale> cdlu: ok, get it done by Debconf, please?
20:14 < Overfiend__> after the elections, if someone seems more likely than you to actually get them converted to minutes, they might get elected to replace you as Secretary :)
20:14 < cdlu> heh
20:14 < cdlu> I haven't been secretary for a long time... reason for that. :)
20:14  * bdale tries to parse that, given who is sec
20:14 < cdlu> I don't wish two terms as any officer on anyone. :)
20:14 < Overfiend__> 'course, they have to be fool enough to nominate themselves :)
20:15 < bdale> ok, let's move on
20:15 < bdale> [item 8, Items up for discussion]
20:15 < bdale> [item 8.1, Debian Logo License]
20:15 < bdale> This is a continuation of the item from our last meeting.  An hour or so ago,
20:15 < bdale> Sam Hocevar was on-channel and asked that we approve AJ's proposal today.
20:15 < bdale> Any discussion?
20:15 < Overfiend__> bdale: yeah, sorry, I brainfarted there, and I probably had pretzel syntax, too -- been getting worse about that.
20:16 < Maulkin> bdale: none from me
20:16 < Overfiend__> re: logo, no this is pretty much the proposal I'd been shopping on the wiki since last fall
20:16  * Hydroxide read it and is fine with it, as long as we approve it under the condition that it will only take effect once it has been cleared with Greg. (This was part of Sam's request too.)
20:16  * Maulkin nods
20:16 < bdale> yes, good point
20:16  * Hydroxide so moves, therefore.
20:16 < Overfiend__> fine by me.  It looks like we'll actually have to ratify it before people bother to complain and provide feedback.
20:16 < Overfiend__> such is democracy
20:16 < Hydroxide> is there a second?
20:16  * Maulkin seconds
20:17 < bdale> ok, let's vote
20:17 < Maulkin> (just typing up vote line)
20:17 < Overfiend__> maybe we can get a good muckraking article from the press
20:17 < Maulkin> Voting started, 7 people (cdlu,hydroxide,maulkin,schultmc,bdale,overfiend__,jberkus) allowed to vote on Acknowledge Sam Hocevar's relicensing of the Debian Logos, to take effect if cleared by Greg. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:17 < Overfiend__> !vote yes
20:17 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:17 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:17 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:17 < bdale> !vote yes
20:17 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:17 < Hydroxide> jberkus: ?
20:18 < jberkus> !vote yes
20:18  * bdale pokes Maulkin 
20:18 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Acknowledge Sam Hocevar's relicensing of the Debian Logos, to take effect if cleared by Greg": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:18 < Maulkin> Voting for "Acknowledge Sam Hocevar's relicensing of the Debian Logos, to take effect if cleared by Greg" closed.
20:18 < Maulkin> (sorry)
20:18 < bdale> thanks, all.
20:18 < Maulkin> I can't count
20:18 -!- Joey [joey@luonnotar.infodrom.org] has joined #spi
20:18 < Overfiend__> hah
20:18 < Joey> Oops.
20:18 < bdale> Maulkin: will you take that to Greg, or do you want me to?
20:19 < Maulkin> bdale: If you could, that'l be great
20:19 < Overfiend__> Joey: all the voting is done; get outta here ;-)
20:19 < bdale> ok, I'll do so.
20:19 < Joey> Sorry folks, been late.  Where are we.... Ohhhh
20:19 < Hydroxide> Joey: the only thing left on the agenda is determining when our next meeting is
20:19 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:19 < bdale> Neil, are we going with the 15th, or moving to the 22nd?  I'm arriving in
20:19 < bdale> Edinburgh at 15:30 local time, which I assume means I'd be able to be online
20:19 < bdale> by our normal meeting time on the 15th...
20:19 < Overfiend__> Joey: past agenda item 7
20:19  * Joey sighs
20:19 < Overfiend__> sorry, I meant 8.  I can't count, either.
20:19 < Maulkin> Quick show of hands: who can't make the 22nd?
20:19  * schultmc will be in Edinburgh on the 22nd
20:19 < Hydroxide> I'm traveling on the 15th as well
20:19  * bdale will be in EDI on either date
20:19 < Hydroxide> or at least the evening of the 15th
20:19 < jberkus> checking, hold on
20:19 < Hydroxide> I can do the 22nd
20:19 < schultmc> i arrive early on the 17th, leave early on the 24th
20:19  * cdlu will be available in person on the 22nd
20:20  * Maulkin can do wither
20:20 < Maulkin> *either
20:20  * Overfiend__ will be stuck in the U.S. on both dates :)
20:20 < Hydroxide> Overfiend__: sad :(
20:20 < Maulkin> I'd suggest the 22nd, unless there's anyone here who can make the 15th, but not make the 22nd
20:20 < bdale> let's wait for jberkus
20:20 < schultmc> speaking of Debconf, Maulkin and bdale, I could use your help w/ the SPI talk
20:20 < jberkus> I can't make the 22nd
20:20 < bdale> jberkus: can you make the 15th?
20:21 < jberkus> yes
20:21 < bdale> ok, so I guess we miss one person either date?
20:21 < bdale> might be easiest to do this on the 15th and keep it an IRC-mostly event, separate from the in-person session schultmc has organized that we should all attend if we're present
20:21 < Joey> 22nd is not good for me.
20:22 < Overfiend__> bdale: I think that's a good idea
20:22 < Hydroxide> Joey: is the 15th?
20:22 < Maulkin> ok
20:22 < Maulkin> Seems good
20:22 < cdlu> if it's the 15th these are my regrets.
20:22 < Overfiend__> IME IRC meetings while debconf is in progress are difficult
20:22 < Joey> Hydroxide: Not good either :(
20:22 < cdlu> can we make it a non-friday?
20:22 < Maulkin> Sure
20:22 < Maulkin> If you want :P
20:22 < cdlu> how about the 18th? :)
20:22 < Joey> cdlu: fine with me in general.
20:22 < jberkus> 18th is ok
20:22 < bdale> what day is that?  a monday?
20:22 < Overfiend__> it'd have to be earlier than the 15th, wouldn't it?  aren't lots of people in transit to Edinburgh about then?
20:22 < cdlu> monday ya
20:22 < Overfiend__> just guessing
20:23 < Hydroxide> well, on the 15th, 1900 UTC should be OK for me, even though I'm traveling that day, since my flight doesn't leave until seven hours later
20:23 < cdlu> 15th is bad because I'll be in transit
20:23 < Joey> 18th could be ok for me
20:23 < Maulkin> 18th?
20:23 < Maulkin> Objections for 18th? :)
20:23 < Overfiend__> 18th is fine for me.
20:23 < Hydroxide> 18th also works (I'll be at DebConf)
20:23 < cdlu> going once
20:23  * Maulkin wants to beat the record :P
20:23 < schultmc> 18th works for me (I'll be at Debconf also)
20:23 < christel> you'll all be delightfully jetlagged :)
20:23 < bdale> ok, the 18th it is then
20:23  * cdlu notes 18th was totally arbitrary
20:23 < cdlu> but if it works I'm fine with it :)
20:23 < Hydroxide> 19:00 UTC still?
20:23 < Overfiend__> cdlu: it's the best kind :)
20:23 < Hydroxide> (note that's 20:00 DebConf time)
20:23 < bdale> Hydroxide: yes
20:23 < cdlu> 19:00 UTC will be 20:00 there
20:23 < Maulkin> 19:00UTC is fine by me
20:24 < Hydroxide> ok
20:24 < cdlu> whic is good, won't conflict with anything but the pub.
20:24 < bdale> we're done?
20:24 < Hydroxide> :)
20:24 < Maulkin> 18th it is then :)
20:24  * Hydroxide thinks we're done
20:24 < Maulkin> (quick :P)
20:24 < Overfiend__> Hydroxide: British Summer Time, thankyouverymuch
20:24 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.  Until next time!
20:24 < bdale> *GAVEL*
