20:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
20:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest
20:00 < bdale> board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.  Today's agenda
20:00 < bdale> and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at:
20:00 < bdale> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-07-06.html
20:00 < bdale> This meeting serves as SPI's annual meeting per our bylaws, rescheduled
20:00 < bdale> from 1 July when we failed to meet quorum requirements as anticipated.
20:00 < bdale>  
20:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board
20:00 < bdale> members, quorum for today's meeting is six.  Guests (including board advisors),
20:00 < bdale> please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded
20:00 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
20:00 < cdlu> David Graham
20:00 < bdale> in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < bdale> Neil, please update us on known and tentative regrets.
20:00 < bdale>  
20:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < Maulkin> None known bdale.
20:00  * schultmc goes to ping Branden in person
20:01 -!- jello [~joe@dot.nahmias.net] has joined #spi
20:01 < Overfiend> pong
20:01 < Overfiend> Branden Robinson
20:01 < bdale> need one more?
20:01 < schultmc> yes
20:01 < schultmc> jberkus was around earlier
20:01 < bdale> saw him, don't see him online now
20:02 < bdale> Ian?
20:02 < xzilla> berkus is currently at a conference in .it, he might be distracted
20:02 < bdale> right, we know taht
20:02 < Overfiend> he mentioned earlier that he'd try to get away from it
20:02 < bdale> right, saw that too
20:02 < Overfiend> and that we should note his sacrifice in doing so :)
20:03 < xzilla> apparently the note will be small, like the sacrifice :-)
20:03 < Overfiend> heh
20:03 < bdale> who else are we missing?
20:03 < Overfiend> Joey S.
20:03 < schultmc> joey
20:03 -!- _rene__ [~rene@dslb-088-064-156-084.pools.arcor-ip.net] has joined #spi
20:03 < cdlu> ian, joey, jberkus, and hydroxide
20:03 < Maulkin> Pinged him
20:03 < bdale> Hydroxide: PING
20:04 < bdale> Maulkin: didn't Joey say something about not being able to make this time, or was that just on the 1st?
20:04 < cdlu> want to proceed with items that don't require a vote? think that covers announcements, like trademark (Woot!) stuff and whatnot.
20:04 < Overfiend> Our filing extension for tax year 2006 has been granted.
20:04 < schultmc> joey said tomorrow was bad, today was less bad
20:04 < cdlu> overfiend, cool.
20:05 < Overfiend> and this week saw the worst vandalism to a donation letter I've ever seen
20:05 < bdale> hrm.  ok.  yes, I'm certainly willing to proceed with items on the agenda that don't require votes.  it's now 5 minutes past.
20:05 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
20:05 < bdale> Just returned from trip to Europe that began with Debconf7 and continued with
20:05 < bdale> some family vacation elsewhere in Scotland and in France.  It was good to see
20:05 < bdale> so many SPI board and contributing members in person, and the turnout for our
20:05 -!- _rene_ [~rene@dslb-088-064-156-084.pools.arcor-ip.net] has quit [Ping timeout: 480 seconds]
20:05 -!- _rene__ is now known as _rene_
20:05 < bdale> SPI sessions at Debconf7 was higher than I personally expected, and we had 
20:05 < bdale> some good Q&A.
20:05 < bdale>  
20:05  * Overfiend wishes that high turnout would translate to the IRC meetings :-/
20:05 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:05 < bdale> with Josh not here, does schultmc want to say anything?
20:06  * cdlu notes the election in process that includes 3 of the 4 missing people
20:06 < schultmc> I don't have anything to say treasurer wise at this time
20:06 < bdale> ok
20:06 < bdale> we'll come back if Josh appears
20:06 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:06 < bdale> Neil?
20:06 < Maulkin> One item here
20:06 < jello> cdlu: to whom do observers register?
20:07 < cdlu> jello, Maulkin
20:07 < Maulkin> I've just found the spi trademark report, I'll copy it to the minutes
20:07 < jello> cdlu: thx
20:07 -!- jberkus [~josh@81.75.61.139] has joined #spi
20:07 < Maulkin> Doesn't require action
20:07 < jberkus> ciao
20:07 < Overfiend> you mean the agenda?
20:07 < jberkus> scusi, sono piu tardi
20:07 < cdlu> jberkus! quorum!
20:07 < bdale> jberkus: please state name for record
20:07 < jberkus> Josh Berkus
20:07 < schultmc> grazi mille (sp?)
20:07 < bdale> jberkus: thanks!  quorum is good.
20:07 < aj> Overfiend: (there's no point attending an irc meeting though as a non-board-member, there's no opportunity to ask questions or otherwiseparticipate)
20:07 < jcristau> schultmc: grazie
20:08 < Overfiend> aj: you just did :)
20:08 < jello> Maulkin: Joe Nahmias
20:08 < Maulkin> jello: /msg please
20:08 < Maulkin> Overfiend: do you want to see them now? :)
20:08 < bdale> aj: hrm.  perhaps I should note that I've accepted /msg from folks who wanted to inject something before and that has worked well
20:08 < bdale> irc lacks a simple "this person has their hand raised" mechanism like some other online conferencing tools
20:09 < bdale> Maulkin: ok, anything beyond noting that'll be in the minutes?
20:09 < cdlu> bdale, /nick nick_handup :)
20:09 < bdale> cdlu: ick
20:09 < Maulkin> bdale: yup, that'll do
20:09 < jberkus> bdale: however, irc is universally available
20:09 < bdale> agreed
20:09 < Maulkin> bdale: erm... aka: I'm done
20:09 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:09 < bdale> Josh?
20:09 < slef> aj: heckling of meetings has been reported in the press! (slef runs away, runs away)
20:10 < jberkus> I have been travelling too much to get caught up
20:10 < jberkus> at this point, I need to have a meeting with schultmc about handing over the role of Treasurer
20:10 < jberkus> and discuss with the board paying hte accountancy firm for routine data entry
20:10  * cdlu takes it noone plans to compete wtih schultmc for the role :)
20:10 < jberkus> end of report
20:10 < Overfiend> jberkus: Did Ledger-SMB get developed to the point where you think it's an adequate tool for SPI's purposes?
20:10 < bdale> jberkus: I need to pull an annual report together, seems like some sort of summary statement of finances would be appropriate for that.  so, a plan to get to that is something I'd like to have asap.
20:10 < jberkus> cdlu: not that I've hear
20:10 < jberkus> Overfiend: no, not to date
20:11 < Overfiend> jberkus: ok
20:11 < jberkus> bdale: deadline?
20:11 < jberkus> Overfiend: I'm looking at other options
20:11 < aj> jberkus: is there a summary of what's inadequate about it?
20:11 < jberkus> Overfiend: including custom development
20:11 < bdale> jberkus: I'm not exactly sure what the expectation for our annual report is, but I have a sense of responsibility to issue one before we vote for officers again.
20:11 < jberkus> bdale: when is that?
20:11 < jberkus> 8/1?
20:11 < bdale> Maulkin: first board meeting after elections, right?
20:12 < Maulkin> If that means 1st August... yes :)
20:12 < cdlu> annual report is normally due at annual meeting :)
20:12 < jberkus> hmmm
20:12 < bdale> jberkus: then yes, that's my thought.
20:12 < jberkus> we'll see.  it's possible
20:12 < Maulkin> Although we're still missing the 2006 report....
20:13 < jberkus> hmmm?
20:13 < bdale> cdlu: hrm.  well.  not sure we've ever actually done that, though it certainly makes sense.  the rigidity and "strangeness" of our annual meeting requirement in the bylaws is something I'd love us to fix someday...
20:13 < jberkus> oh, right, 2006 taxes aren't closed out
20:13 < Maulkin> jello: We're missing the presidents report :)
20:13 < jberkus> it's really not possible to do an annual report the day the year ends
20:13 < Overfiend> j collision?
20:13 < bdale> Maulkin: from my predecessor, right?
20:13 < Maulkin> bdale: Si
20:13 < Maulkin> gah. Yes. Too much spanish
20:13  * bdale sighs in relief
20:14 < Overfiend> CosmicRay is here.  We can flog him.
20:14 < bdale> jberkus: ok, so how about a target date of a financial report suitable for inclusion in an annual report by the end of July.  If that's not doable, give me a plan with dates for getting to same by the end of July.  Fair enough?
20:14 < jberkus> ok
20:15 < jberkus> I can commit to a plan
20:15 < Maulkin> bdale: I'll try and get some bits over to you too
20:15 < bdale> yes, thanks, everyone take this as an indication that I want inputs for annual report by end of July
20:15 < bdale> ok, let's move on
20:15 < bdale> [item 6, Spanish Trademark report]
20:15 < bdale> Neil?  Updates from and/or since our in-person meetings at Debconf?
20:16 < cdlu> this one's good!
20:16 < Maulkin> As per a mail received to spi-board, the local people in Spain consider that both issues (trademark and domain) are resolved
20:16 < bdale> cool.  I'm way behind on email and hadn't seen that yet.
20:17 < Maulkin> Thus, I suggest that 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1 is revoked
20:17 < cdlu> so moved
20:17  * jberkus heaves a big sigh of releive
20:17 < bdale> second?
20:17 < jberkus> seconded
20:17 < bdale> any further discussion?
20:17 < Maulkin> hang on a tic...
20:18 < cdlu> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2006-04-03-jfsp-1-jrk.1.html
20:18 < cdlu> is the resolution if you're looking for it.
20:18 < Overfiend> cdlu: thanks.  I think I know which one that is but would like to review before voting.
20:18 < Overfiend> yup, it's that one.
20:18 < Maulkin> ready
20:18 < Maulkin> Voting started, 6 people (maulkin,cdlu,bdale,schultmc,overfiend,jberkus) allowed to vote on Revoke resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:18 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:18 < Maulkin> (I hope that's everyone)
20:18 < Overfiend> !vote yes
20:18 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:19 < jberkus> !vote yes
20:19 < bdale> !vote yes
20:19 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:19 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Revoke resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:19 < Maulkin> Voting for "Revoke resolution 2006-04-03.jfsp.1.jrk.1" closed.
20:19 < Maulkin> 6:0:0, pass
20:19 < bdale> Maulkin: thank you for your service in this matter.
20:19 < bdale> does this open up the possibility of pursuing an eu-wide trademark registration, then?
20:19 < Overfiend> Maulkin: Sometimes success is just being willing to wait the other bastards out :)
20:20 < Maulkin> YEs, I've been investigating this, and hope to work with spi-trademark and bring something to the board soon
20:20 < Overfiend> awesome
20:20 < bdale> ok, great, will look forward to that
20:20 < bdale> [item 7, Outstanding minutes]
20:20 < bdale> Neil, what's ready for us today?
20:20 < Maulkin> Initial estimates are approx 2kEUR
20:20 < cdlu> Overfiend, if only it were so... as I understand it we didn't have a case to begin with, the trademark was not registered in the domain of 'software' to begin with. :)
20:20 < Maulkin> Two sets this month
20:20 < jberkus> Maulkin: debian has plenty of funds
20:20 < jberkus> if they want it
20:20 < bdale> has everyone read them?
20:20 < Maulkin> December 13th, 2005 and May 18th, 2007
20:20 < Overfiend> I have.
20:21  * bdale has
20:21  * schultmc has
20:21  * jberkus has not
20:21 < bdale> jberkus: the 2005 ones you can just abstain on, of course
20:21 < jberkus> sorry
20:21 < Maulkin> the 2005 minutes are the ones from last meeting
20:21 < jberkus> well, vote slowly on the may ones.
20:21  * schultmc was there as an observer :)
20:21  * cdlu is prepared to vote on both sets of minutes
20:21 < bdale> Maulkin: you mean the 2007 ones, right?
20:21 < Overfiend> it brought back some memories :)
20:22 < Overfiend> the obnoxious English Civil War over Debian UK Society
20:22 < jberkus> I can read them in 2 min
20:22 < Maulkin> bdale: nope. The 2005 ones were on teh agenda for last month, but lacked resolutions
20:22  * Overfiend reaches for a bottle of Scotch at the mere thought of it
20:22 < bdale> anyway, I'm ready to vote.  let's do the 2005 first and perhaps jberkus can read the 2007 ones in the meantime
20:22 < bdale> Maulkin: oh, right, sorry
20:22 < jberkus> hmmm
20:22 < Maulkin> LAst meeting isn't done yet (sorry)
20:22 < jberkus> how about a link?  they're not at /minutes
20:22 < cdlu> Overfiend, you know there's a reason they took me so long to get done. I kept blocking on that set every time I opened them to do them. :)
20:22 < Overfiend> they're linked from today's agenda
20:22 < Maulkin> I'm waiting for the high-quality video
20:22 < Overfiend> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-07-06.html/
20:22 < Maulkin> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-07-06.html/
20:23 < aj> Maulkin: (you don't just want logs of #spi from someone?)
20:23 < bdale> Maulkin: let's vote on the 2005 ones, please
20:23 < Overfiend> cdlu: I think "the discussion went for 20 minutes and was then deferred" is an awesome summary.
20:23 < Maulkin> bdale: ok...
20:23 < cdlu> Overfiend, hehe
20:23 < Overfiend> no sarcasm at all -- it was a mess
20:23 < Maulkin> Voting started, 6 people (maulkin,cdlu,bdale,schultmc,overfiend,jberkus) allowed to vote on Approve December 13th, 2005 meeting minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:23 < Overfiend> !vote yes
20:23 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:23 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:23 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:23 < bdale> !vote yes
20:23 < jberkus> !vote abstain
20:23 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve December 13th, 2005 meeting minutes": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:23 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve December 13th, 2005 meeting minutes" closed.
20:24 < bdale> Maulkin: is that the last of the ancient sets?
20:24  * jberkus is done reading
20:24  * Hydroxide shows up
20:24 < Maulkin> bdale: yes
20:24  * bdale WOOTs
20:24  * Maulkin moves to approve May 18th, 2007
20:24  * schultmc seconds
20:24  * Overfiend seconds
20:24 < Maulkin> Voting started, 6 people (maulkin,cdlu,bdale,schultmc,overfiend,jberkus) allowed to vote on Approve May 18th, 2007 meeting minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:24  * cdlu fourths
20:24 < bdale> Hydroxide: state your name for the record and you can participate in the remaining votes
20:24 < Overfiend> !vote yes
20:24 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:24 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:24 < jberkus> !vote yes
20:24 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:24 < bdale> !vote yes
20:25 < Hydroxide> Jimmy Kaplowitz, board member, rather tardy today
20:25 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: vote?
20:25 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: abstain, I haven't had a chance to read them
20:25 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve May 18th, 2007 meeting minutes": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:25 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve May 18th, 2007 meeting minutes" closed.
20:25 < Hydroxide> !vote abstain
20:25 < Maulkin> (will note)
20:25 < bdale> ok, fair enough
20:25 < Maulkin> I'm pleased to annouce we're now very caught up
20:25 < bdale> ok, so that's all past minutes except for the in-person meeting at Debconf7?
20:25 < Maulkin> I have last month's remaining, and that's it
20:25 < Maulkin> yup
20:26 < bdale> very cool.  hopefully we can close that by next meeting and be completely caught up?
20:26 < jberkus> I can't vote on that one either
20:26 < Maulkin> bdale: yes :)
20:26  * bdale is going to enjoy the "what we got caught up on" part of writing the annual report this year
20:26 < bdale> [item 8, Items up for discussion]
20:26 < bdale> [item 8.1, OpenVAS]
20:26 < bdale> Any further discussion called for, or are we ready to vote on Ian's resolution?
20:27 < Maulkin> [machine]: Any comments here?
20:27 < [machine]> nope
20:27  * Hydroxide is ready to vote. Yay for quick-to-read resolutions.
20:27 < jberkus> looks good to me
20:27 < bdale> ok, let's vote
20:27  * Maulkin seconds
20:28 < Maulkin> Voting started, 7 people (maulkin,cdlu,bdale,schultmc,overfiend,jberkus,hydroxide) allowed to vote on Approve 2007-06-18.iwj.2 - OpenVAS as an Associated Project. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:28 < cdlu> !vote yes
20:28 < Overfiend> !vote yes
20:28 < Hydroxide> !vote yes
20:28 < bdale> !vote yes
20:28 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:28 < Maulkin> !vote yes
20:28 < jberkus> !vote ues
20:28 < jberkus> !vote yes
20:28 < jberkus> si
20:28 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve 2007-06-18.iwj.2 - OpenVAS as an Associated Project": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:28 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve 2007-06-18.iwj.2 - OpenVAS as an Associated Project" closed.
20:28  * Overfiend reports jberkus to U.S. Attorneys for attempting to vote twice
20:29 < Maulkin> done
20:29  * jberkus was already arrested by the Italian polizia today
20:29 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: I just read the May 18 minutes and consider them fine, so change my vote on that to yes if it's not too late
20:29 < Overfiend> jberkus: I hope it was for drunk & disorderly
20:29 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: fine by me
20:29 < Maulkin> though this set of minutes will be interesting to write
20:29 < jberkus> nah, just an exceptionally elaborate conference joke
20:29 < bdale> ok, great.  welcome back to OpenVAS, is there someone here to accept the re-invite immediately?
20:29 < [machine]> i can
20:29 < Overfiend> jberkus: heh.  Or for renting a billboard to place an ad for "powergenitialia.com"
20:30 < Maulkin> [machine] (plus one more?)
20:30 < Overfiend> s/itialia/italia/
20:30 < jberkus> Overfiend: how did you find out about that?
20:30 < bdale> [machine]: great!  we'll note the invite as immediately accepted then
20:30 < Overfiend> jberkus: :)
20:30 < [machine]> officially we require 2 signed pgp mails
20:30 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: I also just re-read the December 2005 minutes, and I am also happy to vote yes on that. See? I voted on everything :)
20:30 < [machine]> i will progress that tomorrow
20:30 < bdale> thanks
20:30 < Maulkin> ok, thanks
20:30 < bdale> [item 8.2, SPI Board Elections]
20:30 < bdale> Neil?
20:31 < Maulkin> As some people may know (:P) It's election time again
20:31 < Maulkin> Six seats are up for election. I've currently received 4 nominations
20:32 < jberkus> yes, and we ran out of time to do anything about the wonky board terms
20:32 < Maulkin> Would people wishing to stand please mail secreatary@spi-inc.org
20:32 < Maulkin> no...
20:32 < Maulkin> secretary@
20:32 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: when is the deadline for nominations?
20:32 < cdlu> 13th
20:32 < cdlu> friday the 13th :)
20:32 < Maulkin> Please also mention (though you don't *have* to) is you want to run for an officer position
20:32 < Maulkin> Nominations are open until 2007-07-13 23:59:59 UTC
20:33 < Maulkin> You don't need to send a platform yet
20:33  * cdlu notes competition, as always, only for the VP position
20:33 < Maulkin> So, get sending those mails :)
20:33 < Hydroxide> cdlu: are you still on secretary@, or is the list of nominees public?
20:33 < jberkus> cdlu: really?  even after we made infrastructure part of the responsibilities?
20:33 < bdale> as I've told several folks previously, I'm willing to continue as president
20:33 < cdlu> Hydroxide, http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/votes/vote6/
20:33 < cdlu> it's all public
20:34 < bdale> will send email after the meeting
20:34 < ravidgemole> Maulkin: So, send platforms if >6 people go into the running?
20:34 < schultmc> jberkus: i convinced one of the current admins to run
20:34 < xzilla> is there an ETA on update attendence records? 
20:34 < Maulkin> ravidgemole: send platforms anyway :)
20:34 < bdale> Maulkin: ok, anything else about the election?  plan is we'll have elected new board members by the time of the next board meeting, right?
20:34 < Maulkin> xzilla: before voting starts
20:35 < Maulkin> Board officer elections will be held on teh 1st
20:35 < Maulkin> (traditionally)
20:35 < Maulkin> This can be moved to the 3rd if needed
20:35 < cdlu> maulkin, on the first meeting following the results, whateve date that is
20:35 < Maulkin> 1st = Wed, 3rd = Fri
20:35 < Maulkin> cdlu: Last year was a special meeting
20:35 < cdlu> after the election we'll probably need to circulate the good-meeting-time chart again
20:36 < Maulkin> however, this can all be discussed on list.
20:36 < Hydroxide> Maulkin: I just reviewed everything else that happened in this meeting, and you can add my vote of yes to the decision to revoke the spanish trademark delegation
20:36 < Maulkin> basically: if you wanna stand, mail me :)
20:36 < Maulkin> Hydroxide: doen
20:36 < Overfiend> Does anyone have a problem with the SPI mail clerk not being a Board member?
20:36 < Overfiend> if so, I reckon I'd better run again
20:36 < bdale> right, ok, so the salient bits are that folks should see http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/votes/vote6/ for details, nominations open until 13th, elections close before the next board meeting at which time the board will elect officers.  right?
20:36 < cdlu> overfiend, I don't have a problem with that
20:37  * schultmc doesn't have a problem with the mail clerk not being a board member
20:37 < Maulkin> Overfiend: Fine by me
20:37 < schultmc> as long as I get the mail in a timely fashion :)
20:37 < Hydroxide> Overfiend: I'm fine with it if the current board is fine with it throughout the clerk's tenure
20:37 < Maulkin> bdale: yup
20:37 < jberkus> it's not a board position.  if you're willing to do it without the title, I'm certainly happy
20:38 < bdale> Overfiend: I have no problem with the mail clerk not being a board member
20:38 < Overfiend> thanks for the input!
20:38 < jberkus> jberkus: I'll even send you a present
20:38  * Hydroxide thinks that's at least a majority of those board members present, so that's decided. Let's note it in the minutes and move on.
20:38 < bdale> we probably need a board member to be "responsible", perhaps that's something the secretary and/or treasurer would oversee
20:38 < Hydroxide> bdale: treasurer, I'd say
20:39 < Hydroxide> bdale: oh, yeah, and secretary for non-financial stuff ;)
20:39 < Maulkin> Theoretically secretary. Logistically, treasurer :)
20:39 < bdale> ok, as I said, that can be duked out later
20:39 < jberkus> we just need to divide responsibilities
20:39 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:39 < bdale> Neil?
20:39 < jberkus> opening mail, depositing and data entry
20:39 < Maulkin> Erm... this one is interesting
20:39 < Overfiend>     August 2007     
20:39 < Overfiend> Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa
20:39 < Overfiend>           1  2  3  4
20:39 < Overfiend>  5  6  7  8  9 10 11
20:39 < Overfiend> 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
20:39 < bdale> Maulkin: why?
20:39 < Overfiend> 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
20:39 < jberkus> that could actually be volunteer, treasurer and accountant
20:39 < Overfiend> 26 27 28 29 30 31   
20:39 < Overfiend>                     
20:40 < Maulkin> These last few meetings have been messed up with teh dates due to AGM and election foo
20:40  * cdlu suggests friday the 3rd at 19:00 UTC would be easiest for people to remember
20:40 < Maulkin> So... we can hold the one for electing officers as a normal meeting, or as a special
20:40 < Maulkin> Last year was special.
20:40 < Hydroxide> yeah, with just that one item of business
20:41  * Maulkin is tempted to do the same, so we can just get over it.
20:41 < cdlu> as a special meeting where we can discuss offer selections and see when the majority-new (potentially) board actually wants to meet :)
20:41 < bdale> I suggest we do it as a normal board meeting, election of officers as last item before we break so existing officers handle the remainder of the agenda.
20:41 < cdlu> officer rather
20:41 < Maulkin> Which would make the next offical board meeting on the 17th August
20:41 < jberkus> wait ... who's going to LWE San Francisco?
20:41 < Overfiend> is that kosher with the bylaws?
20:41 < Overfiend> how quickly after election do the new board members have to be seated?
20:41 < bdale> I'd have to go look
20:41 < Maulkin> Overfiend: you said the B-word
20:42 < cdlu> overfiend, our by-laws say only that our officers have to be selected in the same manner as our board members.
20:42 < Overfiend> we can't have the old and new board members sitting simultaneously
20:42 < cdlu> that's all it says on the matter
20:42 < Overfiend> cdlu: er...then we don't do that
20:42 < Overfiend> the board is elected by the membership, and the officers by the board
20:42 < cdlu> the election resolution states taht the new board seats take effect on the 29th
20:42 < Overfiend> cdlu: of July?
20:42 < cdlu> yeah
20:42 < bdale> ok
20:43 < bdale> then a special board meeting just to elect officers soon after that makes sense
20:43 < Maulkin> The ballots for the election of officers shall be kept secret even after the vote is over.
20:43 < bdale> and the new officers can run the next "real" board meeting at or near the normal time for August
20:43 < Overfiend> we haven't been doing that, either, I don't think
20:43 < Maulkin> Thus, I'd suggest special.
20:43 < cdlu> the relevant bits of the resolution:
20:43 < cdlu>       4. On July 29th, the results will be announced by the current secretary, or a member of the Board not seeking reelection in the event that secretary is seeking reelection.
20:43 < cdlu>     5. New board member seats take effect immediately upon the announcements of results, notwithstanding any vote quorum requirements;
20:44 < Overfiend> Next board meeting - Friday 20th July, 2007
20:44 < bdale> Maulkin: ok, so when are we going to have the special meeting?  let's just pick a time
20:45 < Overfiend> the agenda says we should meet again *this* month
20:45 < bdale> if we get too many regrets, we'll try to change it
20:45 < Overfiend> are we pre-worrying this?
20:45 < schultmc> last year there was no competition for officers
20:45 < Maulkin> Overfiend: That's wrong now.
20:45 < schultmc> thus no need for secret ballots
20:45 < Overfiend> ok
20:45 < Overfiend> ah
20:45  * cdlu thinks a meeting july 20th is redundant
20:45  * Maulkin suggests the 1st
20:45 < Overfiend> well
20:45 < Maulkin> (wednesday)
20:45 < Maulkin> Or 3rd (Friday_)
20:45 < Overfiend> might be useful for bdale to light a fire under people's asses for annual report input
20:46 < Overfiend> if he wants to have it delivered before the new crew is installed
20:46 < cdlu> whatever day you decide I'll be there, unless I lose my seat :)
20:46 < bdale> that's a reasonable goal, but not one I'll fall on a sword for
20:46 < Overfiend> heh, okay :)
20:46 < jberkus> unfortunately, I'm on the hook past the 29th
20:46 < Overfiend> *on* the hook?
20:46 < bdale> I'm ok with either the 1st or the 3rd
20:46  * Overfiend is indifferent to the date
20:46  * cdlu prefers the third only for consistency (fridays)
20:47 < Maulkin> 3rd then
20:47  * schultmc is also indifferent
20:47  * Hydroxide loudly and obnoxiously proclaims his indifference
20:47 < bdale> ok, 19:00 utc on the 3rd of August, we will hold a special board meeting to elect officers
20:47  * jberkus prefers the 1st
20:47  * Overfiend prefers the same time, though 1900UTC
20:47 < Maulkin> next board meeting: 17th
20:47 < Overfiend> where "we" == the new Board as elected by the membership.
20:47 < Overfiend> Maulkin: of August
20:47 < Maulkin> Yup
20:48 < cdlu> hehe
20:48 < bdale> ok,
20:48 < Maulkin> 17th August 2007, 19:00 UTC (unless it changes)
20:48 < cdlu> don't remember the last time "next meeting date" was longest item on our agenda. :)
20:48 < Overfiend> bwa ha
20:48 < bdale> so much for 30 min meetings
20:48 < xzilla> cdlu: agreed, i was afraid we wouldnt finish in time
20:48 < Maulkin> Short agenda this time
20:48 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.  Until next time!
20:48 < bdale> *GAVEL*
