20:01 < Maulkin> *GAVEL*
20:01 < Maulkin> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest
20:02  * linuxpoet looks around
20:02 < Maulkin> board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.  Today's agenda
20:02 < Maulkin> and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at:
20:02 < Maulkin> http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-08-17.html
20:02 < Maulkin> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:02 < Maulkin> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board
20:02  * schultmc waits for Maulkin's 300 baud modem
20:02 < Maulkin> members, quorum for today's meeting is six.  Guests (including board advisors),
20:02  * luk is Luk Claes
20:02 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:02 < Maulkin> please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded
20:02 < linuxpoet> Joshua D. Drake
20:02 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
20:02 < Maulkin> schultmc: I'm copy/pasting :)
20:03  * schultmc does too - not that slowly ;)
20:03 < Maulkin> heh
20:03 < jberkus> Josh Berkus
20:03 < Maulkin> 5...
20:03 < jberkus> zobel was supposed to be be here, yes?
20:03 < schultmc> unless bdale shows up we can only motion to adjourn
20:03 < schultmc> in 30 mins
20:04  * zobel == Martin Zobel-Helas
20:04 < zobel> sorry for being late
20:04 < luk> np :-)
20:04 < Maulkin> zobel: \o/
20:04 < jberkus> zobel: you're only 5 minutes late
20:04 < jberkus> and you make quorum
20:04 < Maulkin> Quorum
20:04 < jberkus> so no apologies necessary
20:04 < Maulkin> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < Maulkin> Josh?
20:04 < Maulkin> No...
20:04  * schultmc :P
20:04 < Maulkin> Michael?
20:04 < zobel> jberkus: i was supposed to be late 30min.. so
20:04 < linuxpoet> heh
20:04 < schultmc> I have nothing to report as yet
20:04 < Maulkin> ok.
20:04 < jberkus> we have not yet done handoff
20:05 < schultmc> jberkus and I need to have a conference call to transition
20:05 < jberkus> schultmc: see private message; we'll schedule handoff
20:05 < Maulkin> ok, cool. Do you need any assistance from any of the board for that, or is it all in hand? :)
20:06 < schultmc> as far as I know, josh and I can handle it
20:06 < Maulkin> Ace :)
20:06 < Maulkin> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:06  * schultmc did open a Money market savings account
20:06 < schultmc> so we're no longer earning 0% interest
20:06 < linuxpoet> good
20:06 < Maulkin> Good :)
20:06 < Maulkin> Anything else?
20:06 < schultmc> nothing from me
20:07 < Maulkin> Ok.
20:07 < Maulkin> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:07 < jberkus> you might report that I'm continuing as Deputy Treasurer
20:07 < Maulkin> We have a new board and officers! Welcome!
20:07 < schultmc> yes, Josh Berkus is continuting as Deputy Treasurer
20:07 < schultmc> </done>
20:07 < schultmc> for real
20:08 < luk> Maulkin: tnx, it's great to be here :-)
20:08 < Maulkin> We'll also be revising the members committee and by-laws committee
20:08 < Maulkin> Details to follow.
20:08 < Maulkin> <done>
20:08 < RichiH> done as in all done?
20:08 < Maulkin>  [item 7, Outstanding minutes]
20:08 < RichiH> k, me shuts up again
20:09 < Maulkin> None this month, apologies for this. Things have been rather busy with the election etc. I hope to have us 100% up to date next meeting
20:09 < Maulkin> <done>
20:09 < luk> Maulkin: are the logs not available?
20:09 < Maulkin> luk: If I can dig them out...
20:09 < linuxpoet> I would like to note that we are attempting to move forward with the Associative project howto but have not heard back from legal
20:09 < Maulkin> [item 8, Items up for discussion]
20:10 < Maulkin> As we don't have anything here, does anyone have anything to report?
20:10 < jberkus> linuxpoet: do you want to discuss your recruitment campaign?
20:10 < luk> meeting times/dates should be discussed preferably soon
20:10 < Maulkin> linuxpoet: I'll shove that in this bit :)
20:10  * schultmc will be out of town September 21-23 so I'd like to discuss the meeting date/time as well
20:10 < linuxpoet> Well as most know, I am looking at some specific projects to review possible SPI participation with
20:11 < linuxpoet> But it does hinge on us being able to hear back from legal
20:11 < Maulkin> anyone else?
20:11 < schultmc> bdale has had phone conferences with Greg in the past - perhaps he could ping him
20:12 < jberkus> we never got an answer on whether paying Greg a retainer would make him more responsive
20:12 < Maulkin> linuxpoet: have you mailed greg?
20:12 < jberkus> if the answer is no, can we look at getting another attorney?
20:12 < linuxpoet> Yes
20:12 < Maulkin> linuxpoet: ok :)
20:12 < linuxpoet> I think I copied -private on that
20:12 < linuxpoet> Well I have nothing against paying money so we can get service
20:13 < Maulkin> jberkus: Possibly a good idea. Worth discussing via email though.
20:13 < Maulkin> Finally:
20:13 < Maulkin> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:13 < Maulkin> Friday 21st Sept, 2007 19:00UTC
20:13 < linuxpoet> Yes
20:13 < linuxpoet> [Spi-private] Legal assistance for SPI affiliated projects
20:13 < zobel> Maulkin: *nack*
20:13 < jberkus> Maulkin: we need to do a schedule grid
20:13 < Maulkin> This may change though, as we have a new board.
20:13 < luk> Maulkin: is the date decided already?
20:13 < zobel> Maulkin: not fridays please
20:14 < Maulkin> Woah....
20:14 < jberkus> Friday 19:00 is obviously bad for some people
20:14 < linuxpoet> I think wednesdays make more sense
20:14 < schultmc> wednesdays work for me
20:14 < linuxpoet> Friday's and Mondays are horrible
20:14 < jberkus> all days are equally bad for me except weekends, which are worse
20:14 < zobel> wednesdays works for me as well
20:14 < Maulkin> Friday 21st Sept, 2007 19:00UTC is the current date and time, I'll mail out my meeting grid again and we can move it from that.
20:14 < zobel> actually all days except weekends and friday.
20:15 < Maulkin> (we need ot have a date *now* due to the by-laws)
20:15 < jberkus> ok
20:15 < Maulkin> Thus, expect an email shortly :)
20:15 < luk> wednesday 19th?
20:15 < Maulkin> luk: You'll get mail :)
20:15 < zobel> wednesday 19th, 19:00 UTC
20:16 < luk> I hope to get mail, though I want to veto against friday if possible, even for a temporary date :-)
20:16 < Maulkin> I don't want to change the regular meeting slot without checkign with the whole board.
20:17 < luk> via email before next meeting?
20:17 < Maulkin> Yup.
20:17 < Maulkin> Probably this weekend
20:17 < Maulkin> http://www.halon.org.uk/spi/meeting_planner.php was the last result, so Wednesday is a possibility
20:18 < Maulkin> So, is that it? :)
20:18 < luk> no, it continues via email ;-)
20:18 < Maulkin> *gavel*
