19:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
19:00 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest board of directors meeting, which is now called to order.  
19:00 < bdale> Today's agenda and details of pending resolutions can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/secretary/agenda/2007/2007-12-19.html
19:00 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call] 
19:00 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.  
19:00 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to Maulkin if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
19:00 < bdale> Neil, any regrets?
19:00 < Maulkin> Neil McGovern
19:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
19:00 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
19:00 < luk> Luk Claes
19:00 < linuxpoet> Joshua Drake
19:00 < Maulkin> One, David Graham
19:00 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
19:00 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
19:00 < bdale> who's missing... David?
19:00 < Maulkin> Yup
19:00 < linuxpoet> Berkus
19:01 < bdale> right
19:01 < bdale> ok, so David sent regrets, and Josh didn't?
19:01 < bdale> we have quorum, so I'm inclined to proceed.
19:01  * zobel will be a bit slow today... got the flu
19:02 < linuxpoet> It isn't looking good for those named Josh over the last two meetings
19:02 < bdale> zobel: sorry to hear that, our agenda is very light today though
19:02 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
19:02 < bdale> Nothing new to report.
19:02 < bdale>  
19:02 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
19:02 < bdale> Michael?
19:02 < linuxpoet> I have some general items on note bdale
19:02 < bdale> linuxpoet: k, we'll get to them
19:02 < Ganneff> schultmc: your turn
19:03 < schultmc> no update since last meeting - the data entry clerk has all deposit info up to november 30
19:03  * schultmc has one more deposit to get entered
19:03 < xzilla> schultmc: 2007?
19:03 < schultmc> oh, yes, 2007
19:03 < xzilla> cool
19:03 < schultmc> still working with the CPA to get our 2006 990 filed
19:04 < bdale> schultmc: any particular hangups, or just progressing slowly?
19:04 < linuxpoet> any potential hangups we should know about?
19:04 < schultmc> bdale: for the 990, just researching the cpa's questions
19:04 < schultmc> no specific hangups other than research time
19:04 < bdale> schultmc: ok.  any specific deadline we're working towards?
19:05 < schultmc> bdale: not that I'm aware of from the CPA
19:05 < bdale> schultmc: ok, hopefully that gets wrapped up soon.  any prognosis for when we might be back to having a "regular" monthly report to the board, availability of status info to the various projects, etc?
19:06 < schultmc> I need to talk to berkus about that - the data should be available, just need an interface I can use to generate reports
19:06 < linuxpoet> Due to berkus's very limited availability it may be time to start thinking about additional resources for this
19:06 < schultmc> hopefully by the next meeting I can start more regular reporting
19:07 < bdale> schultmc: ok.  I'd like to ask you to up the urgency on that a bit.  I'm willing to accept that we've made a lot of progress, but I'll remain a bit frustrated until we have the reporting side of things working well again.
19:07 < schultmc> we're migrating the data entry system to SPI controlled machines so that should give us the ability to add additional resources
19:07 < schultmc> bdale: will do
19:07 < Ganneff> schultmc: great. using floyd for it?
19:07 < schultmc> Ganneff: yes
19:07 < bdale> thanks.  and one specific request that you and I can take offline is to get something in the way of a status update put together for my 2007 year end report
19:08 < bdale> any other questions/comments here?
19:08 < Ganneff> right. that report, when do we get that yearly one from last year? :)
19:09 < bdale> Ganneff: what I intend to do is a 2007 calendar year end report, I've frankly stopped worrying about what hasn't happened before.
19:09 < Ganneff> hmm
19:09 < Ganneff> meh, i wrote text for it...
19:09 < Ganneff> :)
19:09 < linuxpoet> bdale: you need to at least address "why" no 2006 in your 2007 
19:09 < bdale> the text is still on my notebook, and I'll touch base with you about whether it's still good as-is or if we should update it
19:09 < bdale> linuxpoet: sure
19:09 < linuxpoet> I would think
19:10 < bdale> anything else here?
19:10 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
19:10 < bdale> Neil?
19:10 < Maulkin> No specific mail received to secretary@.
19:11 < bdale> I don't recall seeing a meeting reminder / agenda email for this meeting.  Did I miss it, or did something in our process break?
19:11 < linuxpoet> There was discussion on list today about the relative lack of notice based against: http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2007-01-16-iwj.5.html
19:11 < Ganneff> there was one at noon today i think. late anyways.
19:11 < Maulkin> It seems when I sent it, it went to me instead of the lists. I managed to resend it earlier today
19:12 < bdale> ok
19:12 < bdale> obviously, would be better if it goes out as intended next time.  ;-)
19:12 < bdale> anything else?
19:12 < Maulkin> Indeed.
19:12 < Maulkin> Nope, that's it
19:12 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
19:12 < bdale> Neil?
19:12 < Maulkin> Just last month's.
19:12 < Maulkin> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/meeting-minutes/2007/board-meeting-november-14th-2007.html
19:13 < bdale> any discussion?
19:13  * Hydroxide was a registered guest and requests that that be reflected for attendance tracking purposes in the minutes. Otherwise, looks good to this member.
19:13 < Maulkin> Erk, ok. I'll add those on.
19:13 < bdale> makes sense.  ready to vote?
19:13  * Maulkin moves so
19:13 < bdale> second?
19:14  * schultmc seconds
19:14 < Maulkin> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,maulkin,schultmc,linuxpoet,zobel,ganneff,luk) allowed to vote on Approve November 14th, 2007 minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
19:14 < linuxpoet> wait
19:14 < Ganneff> !vote yes
19:14 < bdale> linuxpoet: ?
19:14 < linuxpoet> never mind
19:14 < linuxpoet> !vote yes
19:14 < Maulkin> !vote yes
19:14 < luk> !vote yes
19:14 < schultmc> !vote yes
19:14 < zobel> !vote yes
19:14 < bdale> !vote yes
19:14 < Maulkin> Current voting results for "Approve November 14th, 2007 minutes": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
19:14 < Maulkin> Voting for "Approve November 14th, 2007 minutes" closed.
19:14 < bdale> linuxpoet: did you want to say something?
19:14 < linuxpoet> Not for the minutes
19:14 < linuxpoet> for the general notes
19:14 < bdale> ok
19:15 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
19:15 < bdale> None.
19:15 < bdale> Do any board members have other items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
19:15 < linuxpoet> I have a couple
19:15 < bdale> linuxpoet: you have the floor
19:16 < linuxpoet> 1. I have noticed over the last month various email outages. I spoke briefly with Gannef about it but I would more information, specifically on resolution. Random reboots and email outages are a problem.
19:16 < Ganneff> yes. new machine should replace current mx in january, first few weeks. its ready, needs to be shipped.
19:16 < luk> oh that was the reason the connection to chic timed out :-)
19:16 < Ganneff> trust me, i hate that much more than you.
19:17 < linuxpoet> 2. I have basically finished my financial review. I will be submitting a motion stating that we should add paysimple as an option, thus leaving click-n-pledge in play for those prefer it.
19:17 < bdale> Ganneff: which new machine is this, and where will it be hosted?
19:17 < schultmc> linuxpoet: are we going to have that conference call?
19:17 < bdale> linuxpoet: ok, I'll look forward to your report/motion
19:17 < Ganneff> bdale: hp ones, one uk, one us based then
19:17 < linuxpoet> schultmc: yes just trying to arrange schedules
19:17 < Maulkin> linuxpoet: I'll have a couple of queries about that, but nothing that needs sorting in this meeting :)
19:17 -!- slef [~mjr@g.towers.org.uk] has joined #spi
19:17 < linuxpoet> Maulkin: I am not hard to find :)
19:18 < Ganneff> basically replaxing 90% of our current hardware with them (just keeping floyd)
19:18 < linuxpoet> I thought CMD hosted floyd
19:18 < bdale> Ganneff: good, hopefully more reliable once that's done
19:18 < Ganneff> since blackcat is no more and myservers took chic into their dc - chic is damn unreliable.
19:18 < Ganneff> they replaced a fan already, but it doesnt help much
19:18 < Ganneff> linuxpoet: yes sir.
19:18 < Ganneff> linuxpoet: and that is new and shiny and nice and stays with us.
19:19 < bdale> so we'll end up with floyd, and the two hp-donated servers after the cutover?
19:19 < linuxpoet> ahh o.k. I understand
19:19 < Ganneff> bdale: yes
19:19  * Ganneff has been a bit slow on that thing, but im finally ready to get stuff sent. :()
19:19 < bdale> ok, great.  will look forward to a report on progress next meeting, then.
19:19 < Ganneff> k
19:19 < bdale> linuxpoet: anything else?
19:19 < linuxpoet> 3. As you may have noticed I have begun pinging projects and liaisons. We have at least one dead project that needs to be removed and two others of questionable association.
19:20 < Ganneff> come on, dont make us smaller! :)
19:20 < linuxpoet> :P
19:20 < bdale> quality beats quantity, on some level
19:20 < luk> on many levels :-)
19:20 < linuxpoet> My goal in this is to achieve at least semi-active participation between SPI and our projects
19:20 < sam> questionable association? is the information public?
19:20 < bdale> though I'll remind everyone that the last time we deleted an associated project we ended up having to reverse ourselves, so let's make sure to do the due diligence
19:20 < linuxpoet> questionable association meaning we don't know if they are still wanting to be affiliated
19:21 < luk> did you contact them already?
19:21 < linuxpoet> bdale: right but this specific one is Fresco and he already responded stating it is a dead project
19:21 < bdale> that's what I assumed, if someone were doing something actively wrong I'd hope we'd jump right on it
19:21 < linuxpoet> luk: See -private
19:21 < Ganneff> umm. as long as they dont say "we want to leave" we can assume they want to stay in?
19:21 < Ganneff> fresco - they have most of their hosting on our machines.
19:21 < linuxpoet> Ganneff: I believe we should require a response
19:21 < bdale> linuxpoet: ok, I presume we'll continue this in email leading to one or more motions for our next (Jan) meeting?
19:21 < linuxpoet> bdale: yes
19:22 < bdale> linuxpoet: great.  anything else?
19:22 < Ganneff> and yes, its DEAD DEAD DEAD from what i see, except one small part of it
19:22 < linuxpoet> bdale: No I am done. Thank you.
19:22 < bdale> linuxpoet: thanks for your work.  I think there are also some pending questions from the SFLC beyond what Michael responded to?
19:22 < linuxpoet> If there are, they are in that email.
19:23 < linuxpoet> Oh...
19:23 < linuxpoet> There is the issue of ffmpeg
19:23 < bdale> I don't recall, but my sense was that Michael only responded to the treasurer pieces and I though I recalled more.  you and I should sync offline and make sure they get answers.
19:23 < linuxpoet> bdale: agreed
19:23 < bdale> I don't think we need to discuss ffmpeg here, do we?
19:23 < linuxpoet> no
19:24 < bdale> ok.  any other board members with items to discuss?
19:24 < bdale> hearing nothing...
19:24  * luk thinks it's a long meeting for such a short agenda :-)
19:24 < bdale> [item 8, Next board meeting]
19:24 < bdale> Neil?  I believe our default would be Wednesday 16th Jan, 2008 - 19:00 UTC?
19:24 < linuxpoet> I am good for that
19:24 < Maulkin> Indeed
19:24 < Ganneff> really?
19:24 < Ganneff> not one week later?
19:24 < bdale> I'm scheduled for an all-day meeting that day, but can probably arrange to participate anyway.
19:24 < schultmc> 3rd wednesday is the 16th
19:25 < bdale> a week later I would not be able to attend at all
19:25 < Ganneff> ph. right. damn half-week in the beginning
19:25 < bdale> the 16th is a great day...  ;-)
19:25 < linuxpoet> It belongs in the history books
19:25 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.  Enjoy the holidays!
19:25 < bdale> *GAVEL*
