[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 8th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* none

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the December 8th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-12-08.txt).

## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also worked with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and the filings were
completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline. The audit report and filings
will be published on the Treasurer page on our website shortly.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
This is a final reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of
interest forms and send them to the secretary address before the end of the
year, please. In reviewing the secretary inbox I see that we're still missing
them for fsf, jconway, milan, and zumbi (I'm also working with mappx to redo
hers with the expected Conflict Disclosure Form).
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 10 November 2025

[Board meeting, November 10th, 2025](../../2025/2025-11-10/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--fsf-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework

[Resolution 2025-12-08.jln.1: SPI Policies Framework](../../../corporate/resolutions/2025/2025-12-08.jln.1/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

### SPI Privacy Policy

The discussion was tabled to a future meeting in order to give directors more
time to review the latest draft.

### Vote on SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy

[SPI Independent Contractor Hiring Policy](../../../corporate/policies/policy-contractors/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent.

### Vote on SPI Membership Policy

[SPI Membership Policy](../../../corporate/policies/policy-members/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 2 absent.

### Vote on SPI Reimbursement Policy

[SPI Reimbursement Policy](../../../corporate/policies/policy-reimbursement/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 2 absent.

## Other business

* none

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday January 12th, 2026 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
