[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, September 8th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the September 8th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-09-08.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.

I've worked with our insurance broker to update our general liability
policy and am working with our associated projects and their conference
vendors to assure the necessary insurance clauses are in place for
upcoming conferences.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
(pending)
</pre>
TODO(fungi): Get copy of pending report from zumbi

## Secretary's report

<pre>
First, this is a gentle reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of
interest forms and send them to the secretary address, please. In reviewing the
inbox I found only forms for Jonatas, Borden and myself, so am still missing
them for the other two thirds of you.

I've nearly caught up on the existing backlog for publication of provisional
board meeting minutes. We should hopefully be able to vote today on April
through July. August's minutes are not ready yet, though the logs for that
meeting are published at least.

After Célestin got me access to the secretary inbox (thanks!) I proceeded to
clear out the volumes of spam from 2025 in order to make it easier to spot
signal in the noise and make sure I wasn't overlooking anything obvious (like
more CoI forms).

Once I'm caught up on the meeting backlog, I'm going to look into some things
that the Secretary Assistants and/or Communication Committee could do to share
some of the load for that as well as hopefully get some of the tasks that can
be done ahead of the meetings completed more in advance.

I'm not really adept at organizing in-person meetings involving travel, so this
is not really on my radar yet but is something I would look to delegate and get
some help with when time allows.

If anybody can think of anything else I should be working on as Secretary,
please let me know, and apologies for anything I'm missing so far as this is
all rather new to me still.

Also just as a reminder, spending my time on this means effort I was putting
into evaluating project association requests as well as Membership Committee
activities like processing Contributing Member applications have fallen by the
wayside and could use more volunteers to pick up the slack.
</pre>


## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 14 April 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 12 May 2025
2025-09-08 20:22:41	schultmc	!vote yes
2025-09-08 20:22:44	zumbi	!vote yes
2025-09-08 20:22:46	mappx	!vote yes
2025-09-08 20:22:51	fungi	!vote yes
2025-09-08 20:23:10	milan	!vote yes
2025-09-08 20:26:31	Jesusalva[m]	I abstain on the other three
2025-09-08 20:27:13	fungi	Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 12 May 2025": Yes: 6, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 1 (borden)
2025-09-08 20:27:16	borden	!vote yes

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 9 June 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 14 July 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

### Copyright notice on website

It was noted that the site content is distributed under a license that requires
attribution for reuse, so including the copyright holder's name would make
sense but many organizations forego including a year in copyright notices these
days. Tacit agreement was reached that someone should check with counsel on
whether SPI should continue to maintain explicit copyright notices on its
content, whether that should contain the year if so, and when it needs to be
updated in that case.


### Contractor for mapping out SPI processes and documentation

The idea was floated for contracting someone to map out SPI processes and
related documentation. There was some consensus that it's an idea worth
pursuing, and that a concrete proposal should be submitted for further
discussion at an upcoming meeting of the board.


## Other business

* None


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday October 13th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
