[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 10th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Perdu (Célestin Matte)

These are the minutes for the February 10th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-02-10.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2023
financial statements audited. Our Federal and New York State
filings have both been submitted.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

Vice President not present.

<pre>
(Pending)
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

Treasurer not present.

<pre>
Payment queue was mostly emptied, but we to rebalance some accounts to proceed with other payments.
Thanks for the treasurer team support by contractors and other officers.

If you have urgent matters, please reach out.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I am still missing a few Conflict of Interest forms. I will send
an email to each person for whom I need a form on file after the
meeting. Let me know any questions. Thanks for your cooperation.

Virtual face-to-face meeting recommendation stands; expect an
email after this meeting asking for possible dates/times.

Physical face-to-face is in progress.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday January 13 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->  
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

### Model C Sponsorship

Jonatas is not present to discuss.

Tabled for future formal discussion and voting.

### 2024-11-11 Minutes

Issue 1:

(See raw logs and <a href="/images/misc/20241111-milan-network-issue.png">this image</a> for context).

Jonatas holds the position that votes cannot reflect "technical difficulties" and must be either Yes, No, or Abstain.

Vote outcome not affected.

Agreement to proceed as follows: (1) update attendance to say "Present, with exception", (2) remove Milan's vote entries, (3) add a note to reflect the technical difficulties.

Issue 2:

Jonatas is no comfortable with zv's conditional vote from that meeting.

Vote outcome not affected.

Agreement to proceed as follows: mark vote as No because the condition "Yes if..." is the same as "No unless...", and the condition was not met.

## Other business

* zv intends to step down a Secretary, robbat2 wishes to apply for this role
* Please refer to the raw logs for some brief discussion after Jonatas joined the meeting

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 10th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
