[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, October 13th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joe Conway (jconway)

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Paul Freeman (Sophist-UK), contributing member

These are the minutes for the October 13th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-10-13.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
l be taking vacations on the second half of October. I will send systemd the
countersigned contracts before I leave for vacations; if there's anything else
urgent please make sure to bump it, or delegate to another officer or director
during my planned absence. Michael and Hector/Jeremy are taking care of talking
with Aaron on procedure/about project A and B, respectively.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
Another gentle reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of interest
forms and send them to the secretary address, please. In reviewing that inbox I
found only forms for Jonatas, Borden and myself, so am still missing them for
the other two thirds of you.

I've finally caught up on the prior backlog for publication of provisional
board meeting minutes, though the April President's Report remains truncated
and the September Treasurer's Report is still pending. Please get those to me
when you can and I'll gladly insert them.
</pre>


## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 11 August 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.


### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 8 September 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.


## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Notify GNUstep, MinGW, YafaRay of intent to disassociate

<table>
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Absent</td></tr><!--fsf-->
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent.


### Vote on Accept proposal for process mapping/documentation contract

<table>
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Absent</td></tr><!--fsf-->
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent.


### Vote on Resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Absent</td></tr><!--fsf-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 1 absent.


## Other business

* The new reimbursements system is ready for President/Treasurer testing again
* We have a backlog of pending association requests and may need to consider
  gently rejecting them due to lack of board members willing to sponsor their
  applications


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday November 10th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
