[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 11th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the August 11th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-08-11.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
be completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.

I've worked with our insurance broker to update our general liability
policy and am working with our associated projects and their conference
vendors to assure the necessary insurance clauses are in place for
upcoming conferences.

Thank you for all  of our officers and directors who have served SPI for the
past several years. Best wishes to those officers and directors who are leaving
the SPI board and welcome to all new and continuing directors.

Election Results:
Count of first choices. Candidates Forrest Fleming and Héctor Orón Martínez have
reached the threshold and are elected. Candidates Borden, Jeremy Stanley, and
Jonatas Luis Nogueira are elected.
All newly elected board members must, according to
[Resolution 2016-02-10.djl.1](https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2016/2016-02-10.djl.1/),
send their Conflicts of Interest statement to secretary@spi-inc.org. As per
N-PCL 715-A (6)(c) the form is submitted prior to the initial election of a
director.
In case of conflict, N-PCL 715-A prevails over current SPI Bylaws.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The Treasury team is continuing to work on the treasury task queue.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
Office is currently vacant and will be filled later this meeting.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

Minutes for prior meetings are not yet published.


## Items up for discussion

### Outstanding Minutes

It was noted that in the absence of a secretary, any board member present for a
meeting can push a log of the meeting for publication.


### Bylaws amendment result

There are 148 eligible voters, and as such, the quorum defined on Bylaws is of
99 votes. 82 votes were received. The amendment has therefore failed.


### Vote for Resolution 2025-08-11.jln.1: OpenSSL as an associated project

It was noted that this is a Model C sponsorship, so it is different from Model A we usually do. No specific concerns were raised.

* https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2025/OpenSSL_Activities.pdf
* https://spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2025/FSA_OpenSSL.pdf

<table>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Officer Elections

Officers are elected for one year, with their term starting and ending in
August.


### Vote for President: Accept schultmc as president

<table>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote for Vice President: Accept Jesusalva as vice-president

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote for Treasurer: Accept zumbi as treasurer

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote for Secretary: Accept fungi as secretary

<table>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Other business

* Borden Rhodes provided a brief personal/professional introduction.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday September 8th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
