[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, January 13th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members absent__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Registered guests present__

* Perdu (Célestin Matte)

These are the minutes for the January 13th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-01-13.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I worked with our auditor to get our 2023   
financial statements audited. Our Federal and New York State
filings have both been submitted.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

Vice President not present.

<pre>
First of all, Happy new year! As informed in spi-projects, Gandi is no longer providing new sponsorships for associated projects.
We're monitoring the situation and will inform if the company policies change.

We have submitted the invoice to STF for FFmpeg project on December 30th, which is before SprinD being changed,
but we'll let involved parties to know if this affects their payment schedule.

As part of the dissociation procedure, we'll transition X.Org donations from SPI to SFC sometime this month.
However, the disassociation resolution is expected for February meeting at earliest.

Steam is currently stuck again, but we're working on unblocking it.
Six associated projects were identified as needing attention from the SPI Board, so Kassia and Jeremy will be in contact with them.

I want to thank all our contractors for their continued support; SPI wouldn't be where it currently is without them.

I also want to thank Jeremy Stanley for his continued help handling prospective projects correspondence and membership applications.
A couple of them are complex and haven't been replied yet, but they're still on the radar.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

Treasurer not present.

<pre>
Pending
</pre>


## Secretary's report

Secretary not present at time report.

<pre>
I would like to schedule a virtual face-to-face meeting soon
and offer the recommendation of a regular face-to-face meeting
to help reduce communication issues. Details TBD.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday November 11 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->  
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday December 9 2024

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->  
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

* None

## Other business

* None

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday February 10th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas L. Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
