[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, July 14th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas Luis Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Luna Jernberg (luna)
* Robin Johnson (robbat2), Gentoo

These are the minutes for the July 14th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-07-14.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to Martin
Michlmayr, Zach van Rijn, and Kassia Nogueira for compiling our Annual Report.

Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm on
filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received a 6
month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will be
completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.

The SPI Board is currently seeking nominations for 5 open/expiring board terms.
Nominations will be open through 23:59 UTC on 2025-07-21. See the announcement
at
https://archives.spi-inc.org/message-id/CALE%3D2%3D9BZ%2B%2BL%2BQnm78uem%3DEJOYcpsb1oZA-GSO%3DRrNZb6k7dfQ%40mail.gmail.com
for more information
</pre>


## Vice President's report

* None


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Treasurer reports are in progress being prepared and to be published soon.

There are few payments in the queue, we'll work on those over the month.

If you have any urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
I have no organization-specific announcements or notices at this time. Please
excuse any delays in having up-to-date minutes, and thank you to the others at
SPI who have been helping with that.
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday April 14 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday May 12 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday June 9 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


## Items up for discussion

### Vote for Resolution 2025-07-14.js.1: Accept Libreboot as an SPI associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Vote for Approve of bylaws amendment proposal to be delivered to membership

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


### Question regarding arbitration clauses

* Brief discussion on the importance of arbitration clauses led to consensus
  the board should seek input from counsel on having a general policy.


### Question about MinGW being unreachable

* It was noted that this question, while previously raised, was resolved prior
  to the meeting.


### Vote for Resolution 2025-07-14.zv.1: Accept Synthea as an SPI associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Other business

* None


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 11th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
