[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 9th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Jonatas L. Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the June 9th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-06-09.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
We are moving forward with the audit of our 2024 books.

I've worked to help with Treasury team processing of requests.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
Contractors keep working tirelessly on the Annual Report, which should be
available to the public before our AGM.

The VP is working with TDF's Advisory Board about some planned strengthening in
their governance, after it was found out to be lacking.

SPI only accepts requests by email or our official platforms in our website;
when contacting a contractor, board member or officer through any other means,
such as Signal, remind it's done in a personal capacity. Such means are
convenient to call attention to a missed email, but not a replacement to
sending said email in the first place.

Membership cleaning for upcoming elections is happening late. Please be aware
for Celestin messages.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payments are a bit delayed, due to personal issues that have been now resolved.
This week we expect to process remaining payments.

If you have any urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

* None


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday April 14 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday May 12 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


## Items up for discussion

* None


## Other business

* The board discussed challenges with accepting cryptographic virtual
  currencies as a form of donations, including lack of existing accounts and
  policies as well as IRS reporting. The topic was tabled for further research
  before bringing any policy decisions to a vote in a future meeting.
* A project request regarding insurance for conference venues was brought up,
  and determined to be a fairly ordinary (if somewhat uncommon) task.
* Benevity Cross Border UK Declaration and its implications for SPI's continued
  use of Benevity to receive donations came up as something that needs further
  input.
* The rapidly growing backlog of requests for project association was pointed
  out as in need of further volunteers from the board.
* A reimbursement app under development for SPI required workflow input from
  Treasurer and contractors.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday July 14th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
