[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 12th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas Luis Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Kassia Nogueira (kassia), contractor
* David Mulder (dmulder)

These are the minutes for the May 12th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-05-12.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
We have received a quote for the 2024 audit and will be moving forward with the
audit.

I've worked with our broker and have transferred funds from our brokerage
account to our other accounts to help with Treasury team processing of
requests.
</pre>


## Vice President's report

<pre>
FFMpeg x STF contract is finally over. Kassia has already sent the Final
Invoice to Sovereign Tech Fund, and we're now waiting for FFmpeg to complete
the Final Report.

We have signed an engagement letter with Karl Mill law center. A meeting with
Aaron Williamson in scheduled to happen earlier but was delayed due to agenda
conflicts.

Célestin and the Treasury Team are working on finishing the requisites for the
new Reimbursement System.

Célestin is also taking an inventory of all services in SPI's name. If any
associated project has a service registered in SPI's name, please reply to his
e-mail.

Kassia has finished an early draft of SPI's Privacy Policy, which was relayed
to Martin and Célestin. It shouldn't require a vote* but it'll be sent to
Board's appraisal before publishing.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payment queue is empty, but there are many payments pending for review,
treasurer team will process them in the upcoming weeks. If you have any
urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

* None


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday March 10 2025

No vote was held as provisional minutes were not yet published.


## Items up for discussion

### Vote for Resolution 2025-05-12.js.1: Himmelblau Foundation as an Associated Project

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


### Remaining Jenkins balance

* The remaining Jenkins project balance was discussed, as the project
  representatives wanted it donated to OSUOSL. It was determined that this
  should be fine as both SPI and OSUOSL are USA 501(c)(3) charitable
  organizations and OSUOSL provides services relied on by the Jenkins project.


### Vote to renew contract for Kassia Nogueira until the end of 2025

* The board discussed adjusting the terms of Kassia's contract, and she
  indicated a willingness to renew the contract under those conditions.

<table>
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Other business

* The board discussed publication of the services inventory, to include which
  organizations are donating those services to SPI, for which there was
  consensus so long as it was made clear this is not an endorsement of those
  services nor organizations.
* A quick summary was provided covering concerns raised by the Advisory Board
  for The Document Foundation about transactions made by their project's own
  Board of Directors, but which do not directly affect SPI.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 9th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
