[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 10th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members partially present__

* Borden Rhodes (borden)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor

These are the minutes for the November 10th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-11-10.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2024
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm on
filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received a 6
month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will be
completed by the November 15, 2025 deadline.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
Another gentle reminder to directors to complete your 2025 conflict of interest
forms and send them to the secretary address, please. In reviewing the inbox I
found only forms for Jonatas, Borden, Michael and myself, so am still missing
them for the remainder of you.
</pre>


## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 13 October 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 5 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.


## Items up for discussion

### Annual contractor renewal reminder for 2026

As usual, SPI will be renewing contracts for its current contractors with rates
adjusted based on inflation and related factors. If anyone has concerns, this
is the time to raise them before the new year is upon us.


### Indemnity for Debian package reviewers (DFSG Team)

The Debian project leadership inquired about legal protections for community volunteers tasked with reviewing license terms and related concerns for software included in their distribution. Jeremy agreed to engage counsel in order to gauge these risks and recommend mitigations.


## Other business

* Discussion on hiring for resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1 "Payments Clerk"
  indicated that we should have some repeatable lightweight process to publish
  job openings before selecting a suitable contractor. Jonatas agreed to draft
  a resolution for the next meeting with a proposal for such process.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday December 8th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
