[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, April 14th, 2025

__Board members present__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Zach van Rijn (zv) (Secretary)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Jonatas Luis Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* None

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* TODO(fungi): Get list of other registered guests from zv

These are the minutes for the April 14th, 2025 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2025/2025-04-14.txt).


## President's report

<pre>
Martin has reached out to our auditing firm to obtain a quote for our 2024
financial audit.

I am working with our brokerage firm to transfer funds to our regular checking
a
</pre>
TODO(fungi): Get full copy of report from schultmc


## Vice President's report

<pre>
Kassia contract was extended until the end of the month to finish ongoing
tasks.

OpenSSL Model C sponsorship proposal was sent. It may be on next month's
meeting and does not submit to the APF.

VP mailbox is full, still 40 emails pending, if something is urgent scream.

Trademark Attorney changed, Mojda Waterman will be replacing Pamela Chestek as
legal representative.

STF and Celestin Invoices were delayed. Sorry.

Kassia working on a Privacy Policy for SPI.
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Treasurer reports have been updated, see
https://www.spi-inc.org/treasurer/reports/

2024 external audit shall be done by Gary Eisenkraft CPA and his team, we are
scheduled for June and audited financial statements will be available within a
few months after that.

If your project needs any information about 2024 transactions, email
treasurer@spi-inc.org

We are rebalancing cash to be able to clear pending payments, apologies for any
delays.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>


## Secretary's report

<pre>
Nothing to report other than a continued reduction in my capacity to handle
duties here due to personal reasons, and a reiterated desire to find a
replacement. (Which as of yet has not been solidifed).
</pre>


## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday March 10 2025

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no.


## Items up for discussion

### Vote for Resolution 2025-04-04.jln.1: Removal of X.Org as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zv-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 9 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no.


## Other business

* The board discussed the need to validate active contributing members ahead of
  the upcoming election given the lack of recent elections that can be used to
  determine member activity. Consensus was reached that a mechanism should be
  implemented in the member system for contributing members to assert their
  continued activity, and that a notice would be sent of the requirement.
* The upcoming expiration of Kassia's contract prompted agreement to support
  renewing it for one month in order to defer a bigger decision while plans are
  drafted for an additional contractor to assist with automating Treasurer
  duties.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday May 12th, 2025 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jonatas Luis Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Zach van Rijn</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2022</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
