[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2004-10-05

This is the proposed agenda for the October 5th, 2004 Board meeting to be held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. No regrets received
3. President's update
4. Treasurer's report
5. Outstanding minutes
   1. [September 7th, 2004](../../../minutes/2004/2004-09-07/)
6. Resolution 2004-10-04.jrk.1: Begin Banking with FirstIB
7. Resolution 2004-10-05.bmh.1: Permanent Legal Address
8. Resolution 2004-10-04.bmh.2: Relicense Debian Logo <i>deferred</i>
9. Call for Canadian resident to re-research SPI banking possibilities there
10. Call for volunteer to moderate SPI mailing lists
11. Web site maintenance
12. OpenC++ Project support request
13. Next meeting: November 2nd, 2004

### Resolutions

<pre>
Resolution 2004-10-04.jrk.1: Begin Banking with FirstIB
-------------------------------------------------------

WHEREAS SPI has found its current banking relationship with American
Express Centurion Bank to be unsatisfactory;

WHEREAS the Treasurer of SPI has investigated multiple alternative
banking options and concluded that SPI should move its checking accounts
to the First Internet Bank of Indiana (henceforth "FirstIB");

WHEREAS the Treasurer has authority under SPI bylaws to proceed without
further approval, but is required under FirstIB's application procedures
to obtain a formal resolution of the Board:

SPI's Board of Directors HEREBY RESOLVES THAT:

1. The Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, Secretary, and President are
directed to work together as necessary to complete and submit to FirstIB
all application forms necessary to open a business banking account
relationship with FirstIB, as directed on the FirstIB website, including
the main business account application form and the Corporate Resolution
form;

2. The Board of Directors hereby resolves those specific resolutions
that are listed in the "RESOLUTIONS" section of the FirstIB Corporate
Resolution form as of October 4, 2004, which are required to open a
business account with FirstIB, which are incorporated herein by
reference, and which will be appended to the published text of this
resolution once it has been approved by the Board;

3. The initial authorized signers for the account shall be the
Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, and President;

4. The Corporate Resolution form shall be filled out such that power #1
(all listed powers) is granted to the Treasurer, requiring one
signature, and such that power #3 (check-signing and other withdrawals)
is granted to the Deputy Treasurer and to the President, again requiring
one signature; and

5. The Treasurer may authorize without further Board approval the
purchase and provision to FirstIB of such government certificates as may
be required by FirstIB to complete the application process, including
but not limited to a certified copy of our articles of incorporation
and/or a certificate of good standing, although no such requirement is
anticipated as of the passing of this resolution.
</pre>

<pre>
Resolution 2004-10-05.bmh.1: Permanent Legal Address

WHEREAS,
1. New York State requires corporations to appoint a registered agent in
the state where the company is formed. The registered agent is
responsible for receiving important legal and tax documents
including: notice of litigation (service of process), franchise tax
forms and annual report forms.

2. SPI's information on file with the State of New York is currently out
of date and must be updated immediately. Rather than use the address
of a board member living in New York State, the board would be well
served to look for a permanent solution not dependent on any single
member.

IT IS RESOLVED THAT,

3. The Board authorizes Benjamin Mako Hill to hire <a href="https://www.incspot.com/public/index.html">Corporation Services
Company</a>, <a href="http://www.bizfilings.com/">Business Filings</a> or another suitable corporation, at
Hill's discretion, to provide a registered office in the State of New
York for the next calendar year.

4. Additionally, the Board authorizes an amendment or restatement of
SPI's certificate of incorporation recognizing:
</pre>

1. The change in the location of the Company's registered office to the address designated by the provider of registered office services;
2. The appointment of CSC or Business Filings as a registered agent of SPI;
3. The change in the post office address to which the Secretary of State of the State of New York shall mail process served on the Secretary of State to an address designated by the provider of registered agent services.

<pre>
5. Hill is further authorized to incur expenses related to the
acquisition of these services of up to USD 200 for the next year
which will be reimbursed by SPI.
</pre>

<pre>
Resolution 2004-10-04.bmh.2: Relicense Debian Logo

WHEREAS,
1. The logos for the Debian project are currently distributed under a
license that participants on the debian-legal mailing list have
suggested is non-free under the Debian Free Software Guidelines.

WHEREAS ADDITIONALLY,

2. These concerns can be addressed with a clear separation of
copyright and trademark grants in the text of the logo's license.
This separation can achieved without weakening SPI's claim to the
Debian trademark.

IT IS RESOLVED THAT,

3. Software and the public interest shall submit the following license
to the debian-legal mailing list for approval:

<b>
Copyright 2004 Software in the Public Interest, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this work and associated documentation files
(the "Work"), to deal in the Work without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Work, and to
permit persons to whom the Work is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions and restrictions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in or alongside all copies or substantial portions of the
Work.

This permission notice does not grant any rights to trademark(s)
included with (or in) the Work.

THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE WORK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE WORK.
</b>

4. If approved by debian-legal, Software in the Public Interest will
begin distributing copies of the Debian logo files under the
license whose full text is included in this resolution.
</pre>

### OpenC++ as associated project

<pre>
Hello,

My name is Grzegorz Jakacki, I am a team leader of OpenC++ software project
(opencxx.sourceforge.net). OpenC++ is a mature open-source C++ program
transformation framework, distributed under non-copyleft open-source
license.

I am writing to solicit information about possibility of winning
support of Software in Public Interest for OpenC++.

Recently I worked together with Stefan Seefeld who is a project leader of
Synopsis, a project hosted at SPI. Synopsis is in part based on OpenC++, and
recently Stefan and myself came to conclusion that the common part of those two
could and should be factored out and extended into reusable library, nicknamed
OpenC++ Core.

As Synopsis is hosted at SPI it would help if OpenC++ Core could be hosted here
too. Thus my question is how should OpenC++ Core project apply for hosting at
SPI, what information should it provide to support application, and what is an
expected timeframe for SPI to decide on this matter.

Thank you
Grzegorz
</pre>

