[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# 2004-12-07

This is the proposed agenda for the December 7th, 2004 Board meeting to be held
at 19:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll call
   1. No regrets received
3. President's update (John Goerzen)
4. Treasurer's report (Jimmy Kaplowitz)
5. Outstanding minutes (David Graham)
   1. [November 9th, 2004](../../../minutes/2004/2004-11-09/)
6. Resolution 2004-11-08.iwj.1: GNUstep as Associated Project (Ian Jackson)
7. New project request: OpenC++ (unclaimed) -- deferred until response received
8. Next meeting: January 4th, 2005 (John Goerzen)

### Resolutions

<pre>
Resolution 2004-11-08.iwj.1: GNUstep as Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. GNUstep is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The GNUstep developers would like SPI to take donations for
   purposes related to GNUstep.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. GNUstep is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects,
   SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1,
   a copy of which can be found at
   http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-announce/2004/000091.html

4. The GNUstep maintainer, Adam Fedor, is recognised by SPI as the
   current authoritative decisionmaker in the GNUstep project.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it
   is approved by the SPI Board.

Ian.
</pre>

### OpenC++ as associated project

<pre>
Hello,

My name is Grzegorz Jakacki, I am a team leader of OpenC++ software project
(opencxx.sourceforge.net). OpenC++ is a mature open-source C++ program
transformation framework, distributed under non-copyleft open-source
license.

I am writing to solicit information about possibility of winning
support of Software in Public Interest for OpenC++.

Recently I worked together with Stefan Seefeld who is a project leader of
Synopsis, a project hosted at SPI. Synopsis is in part based on OpenC++, and
recently Stefan and myself came to conclusion that the common part of those two
could and should be factored out and extended into reusable library, nicknamed
OpenC++ Core.

As Synopsis is hosted at SPI it would help if OpenC++ Core could be hosted here
too. Thus my question is how should OpenC++ Core project apply for hosting at
SPI, what information should it provide to support application, and what is an
expected timeframe for SPI to decide on this matter.

Thank you
Grzegorz
</pre>

