20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2023/2023-08-14/
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to zv if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> zv, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < jesusalva> Jonatas L. Nogueira
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < zv> Yes, one. One moment.
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < zv> regrets: Joe Conway
20:01 < schultmc> That's quorum - zumbi can join us later if he's available
20:01 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < schultmc> Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2022
20:01 < schultmc> financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
20:01 < schultmc> on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
20:01 < schultmc> a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
20:01 < schultmc> be completed by the November 15, 2023 deadline.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> I am working with our broker at Merrill Lynch to establish the recommended
20:01 < schultmc> investment strategy we discussed at the last in person meeting. They are
20:01 < schultmc> drafting new paperwork for myself and Stephen Frost to sign and we should have
20:01 < schultmc> that paperwork available to sign early this week.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> I would like to thank the entire SPI board for attending our July 10, 2023
20:01 < schultmc> meeting. It was the first meeting we had all board members in attendance
20:01 < schultmc> in recent memory.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
20:02 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
20:02 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
20:02 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> </done>
20:02 < schultmc> .
20:02 < schultmc> Snow-Man: do you have anything to add?
20:02 < Snow-Man> Mostly just that things are moving forward, albeit they could be moving faster.
20:02 < Snow-Man> Still, I've got a request in to counsel for comment on one contractor agreement and have signed off on another agreement for services for a project.
20:04 < Snow-Man> Many continued thanks to our IT contractor for their ongoing support and help.  Recently getting the search of the mailing list archives working.
20:04 < Snow-Man> I do want to remind everyone that only SPI officers may enter into agreements on behalf of SPI.
20:05 < zumbi> Héctor Orón Martínez
20:05 < Snow-Man> Projects are not able to independently sign agreements or authorize spending of funds, generally speaking.  If you have a question, please reach out to the board to discuss with us to make sure that things don't get delayed.
20:06 < Snow-Man> We have also engaged counsel, as the board is aware, regarding a refund request and do not otherwise have a status update yet on that for this meeting, but hopefully we'll hear back soon.
20:06 < Snow-Man> .
20:06 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:06 < schultmc> zumbi?
20:06 < schultmc> .
20:06 < schultmc> zumbi is unavailable. The treasurer team is continuing to process requests.
20:06 < schultmc> Some countries have implemented new regulations that make reimbursements to
20:06 < schultmc> those countries more difficult (particularly India and Brazil). We are
20:06 < schultmc> utilizing alternate international payment platforms (primarily wiring from
20:06 < schultmc> several of our banks) for those countries.
20:06 < zv> zumbi is here now.
20:07 < zumbi> yep - I am
20:07 < fungi> [procedural lag]
20:07 < zv> anything to add?
20:07 < schultmc> ah, sorry
20:07 < zumbi> Payments are being processed, issues with BRL and INR payments are now fixed.
20:08 < zumbi> .
20:08 < fungi> that's excellent news!
20:08 < schultmc> Excellent - apologies for my outdated information
20:09 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:09 < schultmc> zv?
20:09 < zv> The 2023 Board Election cycle is now complete and I am pleased to announce
20:09 < zv> that the following members are appointed to the SPI board: 
20:09 < zv> * Joe Conway (jconway) 
20:09 < zv> Full results are available at:
20:09 < zv> https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/votes/2023-board-election/ 
20:09 < zv> I am catching up on tasks around a possible in-person meeting;
20:09 < zv> thank you for your continued patience on this matter.
20:09 < zv> (done)
20:10 < schultmc> Congratulations to jconway on his reappointment to the SPI Board
20:10 < fungi> hear hear
20:10 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:10 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2023-07-10 meeting require approval.
20:10 < schultmc> They are available at https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2023/2023-07-10/
20:11 < Snow-Man> lgtm
20:13 < fungi> shall i call for a vote? or is there a lag?
20:13 < zv> you can, sorry for not being clear
20:13 < zv> I haven't gotten the script going yet.
20:13 < fungi> i vote we approve the minutes as set forth in the agenda
20:14 < fsf> 1 sec i can call it
20:14 < fungi> but am happy to wait for the script
20:14 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on approve 2023-07-10 meeting minutes. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:15 < fungi> !vote yes
20:15 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:15 < zv> !vote yes
20:15 < fsf> !vote yes
20:15 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
20:15 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:15 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:15 < milan> !vote yes
20:15 < fsf> Current voting results for "approve 2023-07-10 meeting minutes": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:15 < fsf> Voting for "approve 2023-07-10 meeting minutes" closed.
20:15 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:15 < schultmc> [7.1 Board Election Results]
20:16 < schultmc> zv: anything to add from your secretary report?
20:16 < zv> not otherwise
20:16 < schultmc> [7.2 Officer Elections]
20:16 < schultmc> Current officers include:
20:16 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) President
20:16 < schultmc> Stephen Frost (Snow-man) Vice President
20:16 < schultmc> Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) Treasurer
20:16 < schultmc> Zach van Rijn (zv) Interim Secretary
20:16 < schultmc> As I have not heard otherwise, I assume all current officers are interested in
20:16 < schultmc> continuing in their current role. 
20:16 < schultmc> .
20:16 < schultmc> zv, are you interested in a full term as Secretary?
20:16 < Snow-Man> y
20:16 < schultmc> .
20:17 < schultmc> Is any board member interested in running for any of officer positions?
20:17 < zv> I am.
20:17 < schultmc> I'm interested in running for President
20:17 < Snow-Man> I'm happy to continue as VP
20:18 < zumbi> I'll continue with treasury stuff
20:18 < fsf> I second all four!
20:18 < fungi> sgtm
20:18 < schultmc> That's 4 for 4 - any other interest in officer roles?
20:19 < zv> I have not (as secretary) received any other notice about this to date.
20:20 < zv> Likely OK to proceed with votes, final opportunity for anyone to speak up.
20:20 < schultmc> I'd be happy to entertain a motion to close nominations.
20:20 < fungi> i vote to close nominations or officer seats for the coming year
20:20 < zv> +1
20:20 < Snow-Man> sgtm
20:20 < fungi> also i can't type, sorry
20:21 < fsf> +1 from me, should I start a formal vote or are we good on it?
20:21 < milan> +1
20:21 < zumbi> fsf: start a formal vote
20:21 < schultmc> I'd suggest a formal vote for the officer slate
20:21 < zv> good for closing nominations without a vote, then we need to vote on the roles correct?
20:22 < fungi> i'm good with a formal vote instead of automatic acclaim
20:22 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Close officer position nominations as of 2023-08-14. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:22 < fsf> !vote yes
20:22 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:22 < zv> !vote yes
20:22 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:22 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
20:22 < fungi> !vote yes
20:22 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:22 < milan> !vote yes
20:22 < fsf> Current voting results for "Close officer position nominations as of 2023-08-14": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:22 < fsf> Voting for "Close officer position nominations as of 2023-08-14" closed.
20:25 < schultmc> That's closing nominations - we should vote for the slate as well rather than elect by acclamation
20:25 < zv> fsf, mind preparing 4 separate votes, one for each role?
20:26 < schultmc> or 4 separate votes is also fine
20:26 < jesusalva> Do we need to vote on all four individually?
20:26 < zv> historically I think it was individually
20:26 < fungi> it's not like we're short on time for the remains of the hour
20:27 < Snow-Man> either way.. feels like we're spending more time debating how than it'll take :)
20:27 < Snow-Man> (I'm generally for whatever takes the least time, it isn't like we *have* to spend the whole hour and there's other things that we could be doing ...)
20:27 < schultmc> +1
20:27 < fungi> for the record, i'm not debating, just eager to get vote(s) done ;)
20:28 < fsf> Sure thing, can do
20:28 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Confirm schultmc as President of SPI. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:29 < fsf> !vote yes
20:29 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
20:29 < zv> !vote yes
20:29 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:29 < fungi> !vote yes
20:29 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:29 < milan> !vote yes
20:29 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:29 < fsf> Current voting results for "Confirm schultmc as President of SPI": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:29 < fsf> Voting for "Confirm schultmc as President of SPI" closed.
20:29 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Confirm Snow-Man as Vice President of SPI. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:29 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:29 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
20:29 < zv> !vote yes
20:29 < fsf> !vote yes
20:29 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:29 < milan> !vote yes
20:30 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:30 < fungi> !vote yes
20:30 < fsf> Current voting results for "Confirm Snow-Man as Vice President of SPI": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:30 < fsf> Voting for "Confirm Snow-Man as Vice President of SPI" closed.
20:30 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Confirm zumbi as Treasurer of SPI. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:30 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:30 < zv> !vote yes
20:30 < fungi> !vote yes
20:30 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:30 < fsf> !vote yes
20:30 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:30 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:30 < milan> !vote yes
20:30 < fsf> Current voting results for "Confirm zumbi as Treasurer of SPI": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:30 < fsf> Voting for "Confirm zumbi as Treasurer of SPI" closed.
20:30 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Confirm zv as Secretary of SPI. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:30 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:30 < fungi> !vote yes
20:30 < zv> !vote abstain
20:30 < fsf> !vote yes
20:30 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:30 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:30 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:30 < milan> !vote yes
20:31 < fsf> Current voting results for "Confirm zv as Secretary of SPI": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
20:31 < fsf> Voting for "Confirm zv as Secretary of SPI" closed.
20:31 < schultmc> [7.3 Proposal for Communication Committee]
20:31 < schultmc> zv: whose item is this?
20:31 < zv> jesusalva: is this ready ?
20:31 < jesusalva> Yes. https://gitlab.com/spi-inc/website/-/merge_requests/32 is complete and has already collected feedback from membership
20:32 < jesusalva> Context: This was first discussed in June's meeting, iirc
20:32 < zv> I would kindly request s/secretary/Secretary/g in that but otherwise LGTM
20:33 < jesusalva> Where? Line 57 and/or line 29?
20:33 < fungi> the text within the commit seems to capitalize it
20:33 < zv> line 29 e.g. yes, others are present
20:33 < fungi> oh, yes it does seem to be inconsistent
20:33 < jesusalva> Only line 57 and 29 iirc
20:33 < fungi> apologies for missing that in review
20:34 < zv> that should be all, at quick glance
20:34 < fsf> I don't think that needs to block adoption, zv are you comfortable moving forward with a vote assuming that change?
20:34 < zv> yes
20:34 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,milan,zv,zumbi,jesusalva,fungi) allowed to vote on Create Communication Committee as per gitlab.com/spi-inc/website/-/merge_requests/32, with appropriate capitlization changes as discussed. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:34 < fungi> !vote yes
20:35 < fsf> !vote yes
20:35 < zv> !vote yes
20:35 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:35 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:36 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:36 < zumbi> !vote yes
20:36 < zv> milan: ?
20:36 < milan> !vote yes
20:36 < fsf> Current voting results for "Create Communication Committee as per gitlab.com/spi-inc/website/-/merge_requests/32, with appropriate capitlization changes as discussed": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:36 < fsf> Voting for "Create Communication Committee as per gitlab.com/spi-inc/website/-/merge_requests/32, with appropriate capitlization changes as discussed" closed.
20:37 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:37 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:37 < jesusalva> Sec
20:38 < jesusalva> Ticket 6571 is stale, there's some stuff from OpenZFS in board@spi-inc.org instead of board@rt.spi-inc.org
20:38 < jesusalva> Would like to encourage to post requests in the rt one ^^
20:38 < Snow-Man> it's with counsel
20:38 < jesusalva> And thank Snow-Man for handling the grimsy tiny details of contractor work ^^
20:38 < jesusalva> </done>
20:39 < fungi> i'm planning to work up an adjustment for our relationship with osi. recent discussions with their ed brought to light that we're somewhat of an anomaly, signed as "debian" rather than a legal entity
20:40 < fungi> also there was a recent summit of open source organizations in geneva which we were (hopefully accidentally) not invited to, which i'm going to try to correct going forward
20:41 < zv> Next board meeting: September 11, 2023, 20:00 UTC here in #spi on OFTC. Objections?
20:41 < jesusalva> Also, from stale for longer on third parties: Sovereign Tech Fund haven't reached out to us. I believe Fastly also didn't reach out to Snow-Man.
20:41 < fungi> no objection
20:41 < Snow-Man> We do need to respond wrt trademark items soon, not sure who has action on that..
20:41 < Snow-Man> I've signed the fastly agreement for Arch, if that's the question.
20:41 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:41 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: September 11, 2023 at 2000 UTC.
20:41 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:41 < schultmc> No objection
20:42 < fungi> no objection
20:42 < Snow-Man> works for me
20:42 < zumbi> I'll be away in a conference
20:42 < jesusalva> No objections here either
20:42 < fsf> No objections 
20:42 < jesusalva> Snow-Man: Ah, so I can close 6282?
20:42 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
