[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2013 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 8th, 2013

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles) (Secretary)
* Clint Adams (Clint)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxpoet)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the minutes for the August 8th, 2013 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2013/2013-08-08-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale was delayed in attending the meeting and did not make any president's
report.


## Treasurer's report

Michael was delayed in presenting the report for July 2013. He indicated
that he had selected Foster Results of Westfield, IN as SPI's
bookkeeping service. There is a $350.00 setup fee and a $480.00/mo
recurring fee for their services.  An initial kickoff meeting is in the
process of being scheduled - and he plans to have their bookkeeping
services in full service prior to the September 2013 board meeting.


## Secretary's report

Jonathan indicated that he was pleased the board had been able to deal
with the Swathanthra Malayalam Computing vote by email. He had also had
a request to add an agenda item about the transparency of the SPI board,
but suggested to the submitter that bringing it up on spi-general in the
first place would be a better idea so it could be more fully discussed
with appropriate context. There was also a query about a potential
associated project that consistent of a single person. It was agreed
that this would make it hard for SPI to determine appropriate use of
funds and we were thus unable to take on such a project.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 11th July 2013 AGM:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Clint Adams</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### SFC Grant

Josh Berkus had proposed on spi-general a resolution that SPI should
make a grant to the Software Freedom Conservancy of $10,000, in order to
work on open source accounting software.

Vote on SPI to fund SFC accounting software work to $10,000 as per
[http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html](http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-general/2013-August/003244.html)

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Clint Adams</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 4 yes, 3 abstain, 1 no, 0 missing.


## Appointment of board officers

Vote on accepting the continuation of Bdale, Joerg, Michael and Jonathan
as President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary for the following
year:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Clint Adams</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 missing.


## Any other business

No one had anything additional to discuss.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, September 12th, 2013 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2010</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2010</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Jonathan McDowell</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2012</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2010</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2010</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2011</td><td>Clint Adams</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2011</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2011</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

