# David Graham Platform

Name: David Graham
Nick: cdlu
Expansion of nick: "confused debian linux user"

Background:

OFTC
- Current Ombudsman
- Past four-term chair and a co-founder of this SPI member project
- Co-author of OFTC's constitution

SPI
- SPI contributing member since July, 2002 with the introduction of OFTC
  as an SPI member project.
- SPI board member since September, 2003.
- SPI Secretary 2004-2006.
- Ran in 2007 on a promise to resign this year to fix our broken voting
  cycle. Running in this election is a fulfillment of that commitment.

Debian
- User of Debian for more than ten years, since early 1998 in the heady
pre-apt days of bo (Debian 1.3).

Other bits
- Consultant, most relevantly to the community working as a contributing
  editor for SourceForge, Inc. (the current name of Andover/OSDN/OSTG/VA)
  since 2000.
- Member of the board of the Peer-Directed Projects Centre, a Texas-based
  501(c)3 non-profit with similar objectives to SPI best known for its
  affiliation with the freenode IRC network.

I would like to see and assist with SPI's continuing growth toward a life
as a truly relevant member of the free software/open source communities at
large and to the increasing number of projects now associated with SPI. It
is on this basic premise that I ask for your support to continue to serve
on SPI's board. Specifically, I would like to re-focus attention on the
long-overdue task of rationalising our by-laws, which, in my opinion,
require a near comprehensive re-write.

[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2014 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
