[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI resolution 2025-10-13.jln.1: Payments Clerk

WHEREAS

1. SPI Board wishes to shift focus toward governance;

2. It's more relevant for the public good that the treasurer acts at a
   strategic level, tracking how assets are spent and drafting policies,
   providing guidance, transparency and direction, and promoting the most
   effective use of charitable assets;

3. Currently, the treasurer is working on an operational level, performing
   individual payments, and this drains all time necessary for proper
   governance implementation

THE BOARD RESOLVES THAT

4. SPI Treasury Team will, through the use of multiple bank accounts or any
   other reasonable strategy that may be adopted, limit how much money can be
   immediately withdrawn for payments without impacting SPI continuity.

5. The amount which can be withdrawn will be the CONTINGENCY LIMIT /
   EVERYDAY PAYMENTS ACCOUNT, may only be replenished by the Treasurer or the
   President, and such replenishment must not be automatic.

6. SPI can, but is not required to, contract a payment clerk for these
   everyday payments.

7. Any expense which exceeds the amount set forth in the policy or is to be
   paid via check, is performed directly by an authorized officer.

8. Treasurer will control how the payments are happening, and may
   immediately dismiss the payment clerk with or without cause.

9. If the treasurer themselves are the payment clerk, or in the event that
   the clerk's appointment would cause a conflict of interests with the
   treasurer, the president will provide oversight and may dismiss a
   conflicted clerk, with or without cause, insofar as private inurement and
   misappropriation of funds are concerned.

10. Maximum remuneration will be fixed by the Board, based on SPI financial
    conditions. The Treasurer, as mandated by Bylaws, will provide reports on
    how SPI finances are.

11. In the event that due to either trust constraints or insufficient
    remuneration was allowed by the Board, the Treasurer will perform the
    Payment Clerk duties.

12. As per Bylaws article eight, the treasurer remains the custodian of all
    monies. A payment clerk therefore performs payments under the Treasurer's
    name.

13. Given the treasurer is personally responsible for all actions taken by
    the payment clerk, the Treasurer will set as many safeguards, rules and
    policies on how the clerk operates as he or she deems necessary.

14. Nothing herein prohibits SPI to have multiple Payment Clerks, or
    contract them to work only during demand peaks or spikes.

15. The Payment Clerk may not pay expenses submitted by them, or in their
    own favor. The Board will perform due diligence in any and every case this
    happens.
