[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-04-04.jln.1: Removal of X.Org as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 2025-04-04.jln.1: Removal of X.Org as an associated project

This resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of SPI at their
meeting of [April 14, 2025](/meetings/minutes/2025/2025-04-14/).

WHEREAS

1. X.Org is currently an SPI associated project.

2. The X.Org liaison has notified SPI that X.Org has joined Software
Freedom Conservancy as a Member Project.

3. X.Org no longer requires or intends to use the services which SPI
provides to associated projects, such as receiving donations.

4. X.Org wishes to transfer its assets held by SPI to the Software
Freedom Conservancy, to the extent not spent before the transfer is
completed.

5. Software Freedom Conservancy has been recognized by the IRS as exempt
from federal income tax under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
Code.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. X.Org is removed from the list of SPI associated projects.

2. SPI will endeavor in good faith to transfer all assets currently held
by SPI for X.Org to Software Freedom Conservancy within a reasonable
time from the date of approval of this resolution.

3. SPI will no longer actively seek donations on behalf of X.Org.

4. This is subject to any undischarged obligations SPI may have with
respect to X.Org. We are not aware of any such undischarged
obligations. We ask anyone who is aware of any to notify us within 30
days of this resolution.

