[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-07-14.zv.1: Synthea as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI resolution 2025-07-14.zv.1: Synthea as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. Synthea is a substantial and significant Free Software project.
   Synthea is an open-source, synthetic patient generator that
   models the medical history of synthetic patients.

2. The Synthea project would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including: accepting donations and holding funds, and paying
   for project expenses.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Synthea is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy
   of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Andre Quina is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI liaison for Synthea. Successors will be appointed
   by the project leadership.

5. If the last known SPI liaison for Synthea is unreachable, and
   no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
