[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-07-14.js.1: Libreboot as an Associated Project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI resolution 2025-07-14.js.1: Libreboot as an Associated Project

WHEREAS

1. Libreboot is a substantial and significant free/libre open source
   software project providing free, open source (libre) boot
   firmware based on coreboot.

2. Libreboot would like SPI's support and assistance, including
   accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project expenses,
   and holding substantial and intangible assets, signing contracts,
   accounting, auditing, and legal assistance.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Libreboot is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
   Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects,
   SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy
   of which can be found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Leah Rowe is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI Liaison for Libreboot. Successors will be appointed
   by Leah Rowe or, if no longer available, surviving project
   contributors.

5. If the last known SPI Liaison for Libreboot is unreachable and no
   new SPI Liaison is appointed for two consecutive years, the
   associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
