[[!meta title="Resolution 2025-05-12.js.1: Himmelblau as an associated project"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# SPI resolution 2025-05-12.js.1: Himmelblau as an associated project

WHEREAS

1. Himmelblau Foundation is a substantial and significant free/libre
   open source software project providing an Azure Entra Id
   connector for Linux.

2. Himmelblau Foundation would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including accepting donations, holding funds, paying for project
   expenses, and holding substantial and intangible assets.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Himmelblau Foundation is formally invited to become an SPI
   Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
   Projects, SPI Resolution
   1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be
   found at
   https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. David Mulder is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision
   maker and SPI Liaison for Himmelblau Foundation. Successors will
   be appointed by the project leadership.

5. If the last known SPI Liaison for Himmelblau Foundation is
   unreachable and no new SPI Liaison is appointed for two
   consecutive years, the associated project is deemed defunct.

6. In such a circumstance, the SPI Board will, in its good-faith
   discretion, proceed as follows: the Board will identify one or
   more other SPI associated projects or 501(c)(3) charities which
   can accept the project's assets and use them for a similar
   purpose, and transfer the assets to the identified destination or
   destinations as feasible. Assets for which no such transfer can
   be arranged within a reasonable time will become part of the SPI
   general fund.

7. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
