[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 8th June 2020

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
June 8th, 2020, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Martin Zobel-Helas)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
  1. Monday, 11th May 2020
7. Items up for discussion
  1. 2020 Conferences and SPI 5% fee
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: July 13th, 2020, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
pending
</pre>

## 2020 Conferences and SPI 5% fee

<pre>
Resolution 2020-06-08.mcs.1: 
2020 Conferences and SPI 5% fee

WHEREAS

1. Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (SPI) is a Debian Trusted
   Organization.

2. The annual Debian Conference (Debian) utilizes SPI to collect
   some of the conference sponsorship funds.

3. SPI has inconsistently charged its 5% administrative fee for
   conference sponsorships.

4. SPI has not yet determined the effect of waiving the 5%
   administrative fee for conference sponsorships in perpetuity.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. For conferences held by SPI associated projects in 2020, SPI
   will waive its 5% administrative fee.

2. Future administrative fee decisions for conference sponsorships will
   be determined at a later date.
</pre>
