[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2020 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Meeting agenda for Monday 10th August 2020

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Monday,
August 10th, 2020, to be held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Michael Schultheiss)
4. Treasurer's report (Martin Zobel-Helas)
5. Secretary's report (Tim Potter)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. Monday, 13th July 2020
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Board election results
   2. Officer elections
   3. Directors and Officers Insurance renewal
8. Any other business
10. Next board meeting: September 14th, 2020, 20:00 UTC

## President's report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's current and potential contractors. Stephen
continues to do a fantastic job working with our contractors and
legal counsel.
.
Merrill Lynch's business department has requested physical signatures
rather than the electronic signatures previously submitted. I'm working
with Stephen and Tim to finalize the paperwork this week.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Michael has reached out to our business development manager at Chase for
assistance with the wire transfers we've had issues with. Michael will
reach out again if he doesn't hear anything early this week.
.
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Nothing to report.
</pre>
