[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board Meeting, January 6th, 2004

__Attending__:

* Branden Robinson
* Bruce Perens
* David Graham
* Drew Streib
* Ean Schuessler
* John Goerzen
* Martin 'Joey' Schulze
* Wichert Akkerman


__Invitees present__:

* Bdale Garbee
* Greg Pomerantz
* Jimmy Kaplowitz
* Jonathan McDowell
* Michael Banck
* Peter Palfrader
* Stuart Walsh


__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. By-laws revision process
4. Treasurer update
5. Trademark update
6. Date for next meeting

__Recorder__: Wichert Akkerman (Secretary)

SPI board meeting, January 6, 2004, meeting opened: 19:04 UTC, meeting
closed: 19:47 UTC.

## By-laws revision process

Last year the by-laws committee proposed a set of changes to the SPI by-laws.
Wichert split the changes into resolutions that can be voted upon by the
contributing members.

In addition Ean proposed a resolution to change the wording of the software
licensing policy to be less vague. John noted that this change would require
both a membership vote as well as amending the articles of incorporation.
In light of that information Ean dropped the proposal.

David noted that the charter for the by-laws committee would expire in 8 days
and suggested that it be extended to allow the committee to work on further
proposals. Since by-laws changes will be an ongoing effort for a while Ean
suggested making the by-laws committee a standing committee. David
drafted resolution
[2004-01-05.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-01-05.dbg.1/)
to that effect and a vote is called for:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>David</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Resolution 2004-01-05.dbg.1 is accepted with five votes in favour and none
against.

Wichert proposed resolution
[2004-01-06.wta.4](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-01-06.wta.4/)
to regulate a membership vote on the suggested by-laws changes and a vote is
called for:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Branden</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bruce</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Drew</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Joey</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Resolution 2004-01-06.wta.4 is accepted with seven votes in favour and
none against.

## Treasurer update

Branden announced he would like to resign as treasurer and is seeking
for a volunteer to replace him. Ean volunteered, but it was quickly
noted that since he is already president he can not take the position.
Jimmy Kaplowitz said he might be interested.

John asked if there were any end-of-year reports that needed to be filed
Branden explained that the IRS tax deadline is May 15th for non-profit
organisations, but SPI does not have enough income to be required to
file a report. Jimmy asked if SPI needs to file a report with NY state
as well, Branden replied that the state requirements as far as he
was aware are the same as the federal requirements so no report is
required.

## Trademark update

Greg Pomerantz was present and asked if the board could comment on the
draft resolution he submitted regarding the Debian trademark in Norway.
Ean asked if immediate action was required. Greg explained none was
needed but he would like a confirmation from the board before getting
the Norwegian law firm to work on the draft license agreement. A vote
is called for resolution 2004-01-06.gmp.1:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Branden</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bruce</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ean</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John</td>		<td>in favour</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Wichert</td>	<td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Resolution is accepted with five votes in favour and none against

## Date for next meeting

The date for the next meeting is set at February 3, 19:00 UTC.

