[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 9th, 2004

__Attending__:

* Bdale Garbee (bdale)
* Branden Robinson (Overfiend)
* David Graham (cdlu) (Secretary)
* Ian Jackson (IanJackson)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide) (Treasurer)
* John Goerzen (CosmicRay) (President)
* Martin Schulze (Joey-)


__Absent__:

* Benjamin Mako Hill (Vice President)


__Absent with regrets__:

* Bruce Perens


__Invitees present__:

* Drew Scott Daniels (mlots)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* MJ Ray (slef)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc)


__Agenda__:

1.  Opening
2.  Roll call
3.  President's update
4.  Treasurer's report
5.  Outstanding minutes
6.  Resolution 2004-10-16.iwj.1, amendment 2004-10-18.dbg.1
7.  Resolution 2004-10-15.dbg.1: Non-Meeting Voting
8.  Resolution 2004-10-16.dbg.1: Committee Framework
9.  Resolution 2004-10-28.dbg.1: Treasurer's Budget
10. Deferred: GNUstep
11. Deferred: OpenC++
12. Web site updates
13. Next meeting


__Recorder__: David Graham (Secretary)

The following minutes were adopted by the Board of Directors at their
meeting on December 7th, 2004.

Meeting opened at 19:00 UTC on November 9th, 2004 and took place in
`#spi` on irc.spi-inc.org.

## President's update

John Goerzen states:

> "You may have noticed the meeting notice I sent out recently. We have not
> been following Article Four of our bylaws very closely, where meetings other
> than quarterly meetings or annual meetings must be called specially by the
> President or two Board members. I'll be doing my best to do that, and will be
> sending these notices to spi-general, since it's probably the closest thing
> we have to something that gets all contributing members alerted."

Quarterly meetings are January, April, July, and September.

## Treasurer's report

No Treasurer's Report was available, however the following was discussed:

Jimmy Kaplowitz informs the board that the First IB account is not yet
open. American Express has also not closed our bank account with them at
this time.

Branden Robinson gives our account balances as $238.27 and $4759.43. The
amount of our savings account is not given.

Ian Jackson requests that the Treasurer delivers a written Treasurer's
report to the board 7 days in advance of the next meeting.

## Outstanding minutes

Minutes of October 5th, 2004:

Due to a requirement of the First Internet Bank's business policy, it is
decided that the minutes for October 5th should include the text of the
First IB corporate resolution.

On the motion, to approve the Oct. 5, 2004, minutes with the text of the
FirstIB resolutions appended:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The minutes for October 5th, 2004, are approved, as amended, by a vote of
7 in favour, with none against.

## Resolution 2004-10-16.iwj.1, amendment 2004-10-18.dbg.1:

There is no discussion. A vote on the amendment proceeds:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Amendment 2004-10-18.dbg.1 is passed with 4 votes in favour to 3 votes
against.

## Resolution 2004-10-16.iwj.1, as amended:

The vote proceeds on Resolution 2004-10-16.iwj.1, with no further
discussion, as amended:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution 2004-01-16.iwj.1, as amended, is passed with 4 votes in favour
to 3 votes against.

## Resolution 2004-10-15.dbg.1: Non-Meeting Voting:

There is no discussion prior to voting. A vote on the resolution proceeds:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>No</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Abstain</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Did not vote</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution
[2004-10-15.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-15.dbg.1/)
is passed by a vote of 4 in favour, 1 against, 1 abstention.

Ian Jackson states that he views the resolution as a vote to be sued by a
disgruntled board member.

Jimmy Kaplowitz states that he abstains based on his concern over the
resolution meets legalities.

Branden Robinson points out that if there is a problem found with the
legalities, the resolution can be voided.

## 2004-10-16.dbg.1: Committee Framework:

There is no discussion. A vote on the resolution proceeds:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution 2004-10-16.dbg.1 passes with 7 in favour and none opposed.

## 2004-10-28.dbg.1: Treasurer's Budget:

There is no discussion. A vote on the resolution proceeds:

<table>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Resolution
[2004-10-28.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-28.dbg.1/)
passes with 7 in favour and none opposed.

## Items 10, GNUstep, and 11, OpenC++ are deferred.

## Web site updates

David Graham seeks web site admins to bring SPI's web site up to date.

Peter Palfrader (weasel, unregistered) states that Josip Rodin is the web
site maintainer.

## Next meeting

The next meeting is set for December 7th, 2004 at 19:00 UTC.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
    <tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th>		<th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>John Goerzen</td>	<td>President</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Benjamin Mako Hill</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td>	<td>Secretary</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Treasurer</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Bruce Perens</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td>	<td> </td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

* Resolution [2004-10-15.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-15.iwj.1/):
  Efficient Board Meetings
* Resolution [2004-10-15.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-15.dbg.1/):
  Non-meeting voting
* Resolution [2004-10-16.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-16.dbg.1/):
  Committee Framework
* Resolution [2004-10-28.dbg.1](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-10-28.dbg.1/):
  Treasurer's Budget


## Appendix C: Meeting Log

For the meeting log, please see the
[original minutes](http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-announce/2005/000113.html)
in the mailing list archive.

