# Board Meeting, September 7th, 2004

__Attending__:

* Bdale Garbee
* Bruce Perens
* David Graham (Secretary)
* Ian Jackson
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Treasurer)
* John Goerzen (President)
* Martin Schulze


__Absent__:

* Benjamin Mako Hill (Vice President)


__Absent with regrets__:

* Branden Robinson


__Invitees present__:

* Drew Scott Daniels
* Jonathan McDowell
* MJ Ray
* Matt Kraai
* Michael Banck
* Michael Schultheiss
* Phil Brooke


__Agenda__:

1. Opening
2. Roll call
3. President's report
4. Treasurer's report
5. Outstanding minutes
6. Selecting New Legal Counsel
7. OFTC's Election
8. Next meeting


__Recorder__: David Graham (Secretary)

The following minutes were adopted by the Board of Directors on October
5th, 2004.

Meeting opened at 19:00 UTC on September 7th, 2004 and took place in
`#spi` on irc.spi-inc.org

## President's Report

President John Goerzen informs the Board of Directors that the [2004
SPI Annual Report](/corporate/annual-reports/2004.pdf) has been published.

John Goerzen also advises that the Indiana Attorney General's office has
received a complaint about SPI. He advised that he and Branden Robinson
have sent an official response to the Indiana AG's office, but have not
yet received a response. He considers the matter closed.

## Treasurer's Report

Treasurer Jimmy Kaplowitz reports that all donations received as of one
week before the meeting have been deposited in our bank accounts, and that
2 receipts will be sent following the meeting, as requested by donors.

He reports that former Treasurer Branden Robinson will be retained as the
Deputy Treasurer to help split the work-load. Hired help will be
forthcoming should they fall behind in the paperwork.

So far, a total of $36 has been used of his monthly $100/month treasury
budget. These reimbursements will be taken following the switchover to an
as-yet undetermined new bank.

The new bank will be one of:

* First Internet Bank of Indiana
* Fleet Bank (about to merge with Bank of America)

Ideally, the bank will allow ATM deposits for both Jimmy and Branden, and
the home branch will be changeable.

Another idea for us is the use of PakMail or another mail forwarding
service to give us one permanent forwarding address, regardless of who or
where a Treasurer is. The cost is estimated at $20-$30 per month.

## Outstanding Minutes

Outstanding Minutes

* [August 6th, 2001](../../2001/2001-08-06/)
* [September 17th, 2001](../../2001/2001-09-17/)
* [November 11th, 2003](../../2003/2003-11-11/)
* [August 10th, 2004](../../2004/2004-08-10/)

The minutes, some as much as 3 years old, were voted on all together.
Should the vote have failed, it would have gone to individual votes.

On approving all 4 sets of minutes:

<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bruce Perens</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Abstain</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Abstain</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Yes: 4, No: 0, Abstain: 3

All outstanding minutes are approved.

## Selecting New Legal Counsel

John Goerzen reports that long-time SPI legal counsel Chris Rourk has
resigned. John expresses his gratitude to Chris' years of service.

John Goerzen reports that Gregory Pomerantz of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen &amp;
Hamilton has volunteered to be our primary pro-bono counsel. SPI has
already worked with him in the past.

Resolution
[2004-09-07.dbg.2](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-09-07.dbg.2/)
(see Appendix B) accepts Gregory Pomerantz' offer.

There is no further discussion, vote results:
<table><tbody>
    <tr><td>Martin Schulze</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Ian Jackson</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bruce Perens</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>David Graham</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
    <tr><td>John Goerzen</td>		<td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0

Gregory Pomerantz is now our legal counsel.

## OFTC's Election

David Graham advises that member project OFTC requires the use of SPI's
servers and an SPI member who is not on OFTC's staff to oversee OFTC's
upcoming staff elections.

There are no objections to using SPI's server for the service. It is
suggested that this service be offered to all member projects.

## Next meeting

The next meeting is set for Tuesday, October 5th, 2004 at 19:00 UTC in
channel <code>#spi</code> on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership
<table><tbody>

    <tr><th>Date elected</th><th>Name</th>		<th>Role</th></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>John Goerzen</td>	<td>President</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Benjamin Mako Hill</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>David Graham</td>	<td>Secretary</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-02-20]</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td>	<td>Treasurer</td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2004-07-29]</td><td>Branden Robinson</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Ian Jackson</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-03-11]</td><td>Bruce Perens</td>	<td> </td></tr>
    <tr><td>[2003-11-29]</td><td>Martin "Joey" Schulze</td>	<td></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Approved Resolutions

Resolution
[2004-09-07.dbg.2](/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-09-07.dbg.2/):
New Legal Counsel

## Appendix C: Meeting Log

For the meeting log, please see the
[original minutes](http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-announce/2004/000104.html)
in the mailing list archive.


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
