# Meeting agenda for Wednesday 10th August, 2011

This is the proposed agenda for the SPI board meeting of Wednesday,
August 10th, 2011, to be held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

1. Opening
2. Roll Call
3. President's report (Bdale Garbee)
4. Treasurer's report (Michael Schultheiss)
5. Secretary's report (Jonathan McDowell)
6. Outstanding minutes
   1. [Wednesday, 13th July 2011](../../../minutes/2011/2011-07-13/)
      (Jonathan McDowell)
7. Items up for discussion
   1. Resolution 2011.08.10.bg.1 (Drizzle as associated project)
   2. Resolution 2011.08.10.bg.2 (Arch Linux as associated project)
8. Any other business
9. Next board meeting: September 13th, 2011, 20:30 UTC


## President's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>


## Treasurer's report

<pre>
(none)
</pre>

## Resolution 2011.08.10.bg.1: Drizzle as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Drizzle is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The Drizzle developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including legal help, holding property, and taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Drizzle is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at

   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Henrik Ingo is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker and
   SPI liaison for Drizzle.  Successors will be appointed by simple majority
   vote of the Drizzle SPI Council.  The Drizzle SPI Council will initially
   consist of Brian Aker, Lee Bieber, Stewart Smith, Monty Taylor, and Henrik
   Ingo, and may fill vacancies on the Council by majority vote of the
   remaining Council members on resignation or absence of any Council member.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


## Resolution 2011.08.10.bg.2: Arch Linux as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Arch Linux is a substantial and significant Free Software project.

2. The Arch Linux developers would like SPI's support and assistance,
   including legal help, holding property, and taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Arch Linux is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project,
   according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
   Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of
   which can be found at

   http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Aaron Griffin is recognised by SPI as the authoritative decision maker and
   SPI liaison for Arch Linux. Successors will be appointed in turn by the
   sitting project liaison, or by a simple majority of existing Arch
   Linux developers.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
   approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2011 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
