[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, August 6th, 2001

__Attending__:

* Not registered

__Agenda__:

1. Approve meeting minutes from July 10 Board meeting (Ean)
2. Treasurer report (Scott)
3. Membership report (Nils)
4. OS ctte report (Ean)
5. LinuxPPC update (Wichert)
6. SPI lawyer situation (Nils, Ean, Ben, Chris)
7. Set date for the next board meeting
8. Miscellaneous

__Recorder__:

The following minutes were adopted (as written at the time) by the Board
of Directors on September 7th, 2004:

## Minutes

Ean commits to get the remainder of the last meeting's minutes
transcribed.

## Discussion about the treasurer position

CQ to call Scott and see if he is able to fulfill the duties of the
position.

## LinuxPPC

Current problems center around bandwidth costs.

Partial work to create a LinuxPPC non-profit is already complete.

Should he make his own non-profit or make it part of SPI.

Making another sounds like a duplication of effort.

Need SPI to pay for a $1300.00 per month T1.

SPI would help PPC get sales through ThinkGeek, etc. and hold a portion of
the profits until needed by the project.

Jeff Carr would also transfer the debianppc.* and linuxgnu.* domains.

No desire to stay in the dist business.

Would disband the existing LinuxPPC business when assets are moved to
SPI.

__MOTION CARRIES__: SPI will proceed with LinuxPCC integration
as an SPI affiliated project and work with Jeff Carr on this.

## Membership Committee

Slight changes in wording to Resolution
[2001-08-06.nl](/corporate/resolutions/2001/2001-08-06.nl/)
giving the board the ability to remove members or disband the committee.

__MOTION CARRIES__: Adopt Resolution 2001-08-06.nl with changes
(with recommendation by Branden Robinson).

__MOTION CARRIES__: Nils and Martin Michlmayr (who's said he
wants to do it already) be the ctte for now and start getting the membership as
soon as the pages are completed. (with recommendation by Branden Robinson)

## OpenSource committee

Ean Schuessler posts a link to a partially complete OS situation summary.

Ean invites anyone willing to help with the document to do so.

__MOTION CARRIES__: unclean will work out a proposal including
letters he would like to sent so that can be discussed at the next SPI board
meeting. If he does not have them by them we will proceed with option b, which
is transfer the domains and publicly state why we do that (give up on open
source et al) (with recommendation by Branden Robinson).

## SPI lawyer situation

### Crypto-in-main

Chris Rourk had not received the crypto-in-main document from HP and it was
mailed to him.

There was a great deal of discussion about the dangers of prosecution.

Voting deferred until the next meeting.

### Domain transfers

__MOTION CARRIES__: Transfer SPI domains from NSI to OpenSRS.

### DMCA report

Chris Rourk had no progress to report about the DMCA.

Branden Robinson suggested talking to Rick Boucher D-VA.

## Next Meeting

Discussed having the next meeting on September 17th or 24th.

Ean Schuessler requested 17th.

