[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2010 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 26th, 2001

__Attending__:

* Branden Robinson
* Ian Jackson
* Manoj Srivastava
* Nils Lohner
* Wichert Akkerman

__Absent__:

* Ean Schuessler

__Absent with regrets__:

* Martin `Joey' Schulze

__Agenda__:

1. change in board membership
2. take attendance
3. approve meeting minutes for July 10, August 7, September 17, October 22
   and November 13 meetings of this year
4. modification of email voting
5. treasurer report
6. next meeting

__Recorder__: Wichert Akkerman

__Advisors present__:

* Martin Michlmayr

The board meeting was held using Internet Relay Chat. Nils opens the
meeting at 20:08 UTC.

## 1. Change in board membership

Nils reports that Scott McNeil has sent his resignation to the
SPI board and notes we will need another board member at some
point to get back to 8 people on the board. He suggests people
come up with names so they can be discussed on the board list and
the people we like can be added to the board at the next meeting.

Three people are mentioned:

* Wichert suggests Drew Streib. Drew was one of the early
  SourceForge people, and is also active in projects such as the
  Free Standards Group, FreeDB, gpg key analysis and others.
* Branden asks Martin if he would be interesting in becoming a
  board member. Martin is interested but would like more time to
  consider it.
* Branden also proposes Thomas Bushnell, one of the Hurd
  developers.

Branden asks how we will select from multiple candidates and asks
if we should use the standard resolution Procedure from Debian
even though it is very heavyweight considering the size of the
SPI board. No method is decided.

## 2. Approving minutes from previous meetings

Branden asks Nils if he has incorporated the changes he suggested
for the July 17 minutes. Nils replies that he has.

Since Branden lost his changes for the August 7 minutes, and the
September 17 minutes are not in order yet, voting for them is
postponed until the next board meeting.

Branden asks everyone to use ISO 8601 notation for dates in order
to prevent confusion. Nobody objects.

Since the minutes for August 7 and September 17 are not ready
voting on them is postponed until the next board meeting.

Vote to approve the minutes of the July 17 meeting minutes as
posted to the SPI board in message
`20011126143839.A8817@debian.org`. Votes:

<table><tbody>
 <tr><td>Branden</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ian </td><td>abstains</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Manoj </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Nils </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Wichert</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The minutes are accepted with four votes in favour, none against
and one abstention.

Vote to approve the minutes of the November 13 meeting minutes as
posted to the SPI board in message `20011126214316.D17553@wiggy.net`.
Votes:

<table><tbody>
 <tr><td>Branden</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ian </td><td>abstains</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Manoj </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Nils </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Wichert</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The minutes are accepted with four votes in favour, none against
and one abstention.

## 3. modification of email voting

Wichert asked everyone if they have read Ian's email. Not
everyone has. Ian offers to rewrite his proposal as a resolution
which will be resolution
[2001-11-26.iwj.1](/corporate/resolutions/2001/2001-11-26.iwj.1/).
Branden remarks he has no strong feelings on this topic and will
vote with the majority.

Ian asks over how long a period votes should be counted. Wichert
proposes a week.

Votes on resolution 2001-11-26.ijw.1:

<table><tbody>
 <tr><td>Branden</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Ian </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Manoj </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Nils </td><td>in favour</td></tr>
 <tr><td>Wichert</td><td>in favour</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

The resolution is passed with 5 votes in favour and none against.

## 4. treasurer report

Branden asks for permission to ask Chris to go ahead and mail a
letter to Darren Benham pressuring him to surrender all SPI
materials he still holds. Nils asks Branden to ask Sean Perry
for a last check to see if he has made any progressing in
obtaining them. Wichert proposes to try and contact Sean and
Darren today for a last time, and if no progress has been made
yet to proceed with the letter. Nobody objects.

Branden mentions we also need to take care of the P.O.Box and
asks if he can spend the 19 US dollar needed to open a P.O.Box
in Indianapolis. Wichert says he would rather have a forwarding
service that we can continue to use when the board changes.
Branden agrees but explains that we need a registered agent
to do that so can not be done until he has the SPI materials
that Darren currently holds.

Branden asks Wichert how he should go about getting his signature
as SPI treasurer to open an account at the First Internet Bank
in Indiana to setup an account for SPI. They agree to do this
by fax next week when Wichert has returned from the Linux Kongress.

## 5. Next meeting

The next SPI board meeting is set for January 21, 2002 at 20.00 UTC.

