20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2022/2022-09-12/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to fsf if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < schultmc> fsf, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < jesusalva> Jonatas L. Nogueira
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> I did see Snow-Man may be ~5 mins late
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < schultmc> we could take this time to review the minutes from previous meetings
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < fsf> schultmc: I have received no regrets
20:00 < schultmc> although we're quorate now
20:01 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:03 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:03 < schultmc> Two of our associated projects are holding conferences later this month or next month. 
20:03 < schultmc> I've been working with the projects and their hosting venues to get everything ready 
20:03 < schultmc> from SPI's side.
20:03 < schultmc> .
20:03 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
20:03 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
20:03 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
20:03 < schultmc> .
20:04 < schultmc> </done>
20:04 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < schultmc> zumbi isn't currently here.
20:04 < schultmc> .
20:04 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
20:04 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
20:04 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
20:04 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
20:05 < schultmc> .
20:05 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:05 < schultmc> fsf?
20:05 < fsf> I believe that the relevant portions of the website are up-to-date to reflect new officers and board members. Please let me know (or submit a pull request on GitLab) if there are any outstanding corrections to be made.
20:05 < fsf> EOM
20:05 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:05 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2022-07-11 and 2022-08-08 meetings need to be approved.
20:05 < schultmc> They are available at
20:05 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-07-11/
20:05 < schultmc> and
20:05 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-08-08/
20:05 < fsf> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,jconway,fsf,milan,jesusalva,fungi,zv) allowed to vote on Minutes for Monday 11th July 2022. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:06 < jesusalva> Actually, just noticed fungi isn't on appendix A of minutes ? this is an appendix so it does not change my vote
20:06 < fungi> this is one vote to approve minutes from both meetings?
20:06 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:06 < jconway> !vote yes
20:06 < milan> !vote yes
20:06 < zv> !vote yes
20:06 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:06 < fsf> This vote is for july only.
20:06 < fsf> !vote abstain
20:06 < fungi> thanks, i was not a director in july, so probably shouldn't approve that one
20:06 < fungi> !vote abstain
20:07 < fsf> jesusalva: Would you like to amend in light of that?
20:07 < jesusalva> fsf: No, I disagree with fungi view. I was present on the meeting and the minutes reflect the truth
20:07 < jesusalva> Therefore, by vote is "yes"
20:07 < fsf> Duly noted, thank you!
20:08 < fsf> Current voting results for "Minutes for Monday 11th July 2022": Yes: 5, No: 0, Abstain: 2, Missing: 0 ()
20:08 < fsf> Voting for "Minutes for Monday 11th July 2022" closed.
20:08 < fsf> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,jconway,fsf,milan,jesusalva,fungi,zv) allowed to vote on Minutes for Monday 8th August 2022. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:08 < schultmc> there's a typo in my name in the officer election section (Michael Schulteiss is elected President)
20:08 < schultmc> other than that, no issues I see
20:09 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> Acknowledged, and I will fix - please vote as if that fix were present :)
20:09 < jconway> !vote yes
20:09 < fungi> !vote yes
20:09 < milan> !vote yes
20:09 < zv> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> !vote yes
20:09 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:09 < fsf> Current voting results for "Minutes for Monday 8th August 2022": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:09 < fsf> Voting for "Minutes for Monday 8th August 2022" closed.
20:09 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:09 < schultmc> Nothing on the agenda
20:09 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:09 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:09 < zv> note: for july meeting, the typo "congraulations" is present. doesn't affect my vote
20:10 < fungi> it adds flavor
20:10 < fsf> lol, thank you - I'll fix the typo (and lament the loss of flavor)
20:10 < zv> tasty. fungi are quite bland otherwise.
20:11 < schultmc> In the past, we have had an in-person board meeting in the fall to have board working sessions and meet face to face. Are we comfortable resuming that practice?
20:11 < schultmc> Snow-Man, zumbi and I met in Indianapolis this spring for a treasury sprint.
20:11 < fungi> northern hemisphere fall, i'm guessing you mean?
20:11 < schultmc> yes, apologies
20:12 < fsf> I am generally comfortable resuming F2F meetings, but do reserve the right to get spooked and bail at the last second if my risk tolerances are exceeded
20:12 < fungi> i'm in for setting aside some days for conference calls, but with the present state of travel i'm not comfortable going back to face-to-face meetings just yet
20:13 < schultmc> we've usually met in New York City since most of our banks are located there but given the spring treasury sprint we don't have to meet in NYC
20:13 < schultmc> we've done Google Meet meetings during the past 2 years if I recall
20:14 < schultmc> we can discuss on the board list - just bringing up the topic for discussion
20:14 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:14 < Snow-Man> (sorry)
20:14 < jesusalva> I don't have nor money nor a passport, and this fall is when I graduate, so I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to attend to any F2F event this fall. Winter might be a different story ? I'll at least have graduated.
20:14 < milan> I'm fine with F2F meeting
20:14 < schultmc> Snow-Man: welcome - do you have anything to add for the President's report?
20:15 < Snow-Man> not really, no, thanks
20:15 < Snow-Man> trying to catch up
20:15 < Snow-Man> generally in support of a f2f
20:15 < Snow-Man> this fall is crazy busy tho
20:15 < Snow-Man> (I vote to approve the minutes also, if that's possible, if not, no worries)
20:16 < schultmc> Any other topics to discuss?
20:16 < Snow-Man> Would it be possible to target like January time frame for a f2f maybe?
20:16 < Snow-Man> I haven't anything else of import
20:16 < schultmc> Works for me
20:17 < schultmc> we're not tied to North America depending on where our new directors are located geographically
20:17 < Snow-Man> agreed
20:17 < fsf> +1
20:18 < fungi> my january isn't too bad schedule-wise, though it's far enough out it's hard to know what's going to be happening on the communicable disease front
20:18 < fsf> I also +1 to fungi's sentiment. I want to say something re: post-Christmas-travel-virus-explosions, but realistically predicting that sort of thing is beyond me
20:18 < fungi> i'm on the east coast of the usa, but willing to travel to where people are meeting if/when it's safer
20:19 < zv> is travel generally out-of-pocket or?
20:19 < fungi> passport's plenty up to date and am visa eligible for most countries
20:19 < Snow-Man> SPI will reimburse for board-related travel
20:19 < zv> OK; in that case I'm happy to meet wherever is convenient and I support face-to-face meetings.
20:19 < jesusalva> Sorru, had to go AFK
20:20 < fsf> I feel very strongly that we should have a virtual option available at any/all F2F meetings - does anyone disagree with that?
20:20 < fungi> not only do i not disagree, i completely agree ;)
20:20 < schultmc> no objection here
20:21 < jesusalva> If SPI will reimburse then it should be fine if I know the date beforehand. I'm located in Brazil
20:21 < Snow-Man> I'm not against it but I'll point out that we've tried such in the past and it frankly generally sucks.
20:21 < schultmc> we've had conference calls in the past with asia/pacific board members who were unable to travel to NYC
20:21 < jesusalva> Also agree with fsf about going hybrid on the F2F meetings
20:21 < jesusalva> But hybrid meetings are usually hit or miss
20:22  * jesusalva had several disasterous hybrid meetings during the pandemic recovery period
20:22 < fungi> i concur that bridging people remotely into in-person meetings isn't ideal and complicates things, but usually if it's one or two remote participants it can go pretty smoothly. if it's a large group where half are on a conference call and the other half are all over a conference room, it's pretty unworkable
20:23 < fsf> And the alternative is, well, having someone not-present-at-all instead of present-in-a-non-ideal-way.
20:23 < fungi> i've helped put on some hybrid tech conferences where we tried to do that at larger scales, and no it's not easy
20:25 < fsf> I think we all generally agree that an in-person meeting happening is on the table - location, time-of-year, and precise online attendance options TBD. Does that sound good?
20:25 < fungi> yes, thanks
20:25 < jconway> +1
20:26 < zv> yes. no other business from my end.
20:26 < schultmc> sounds good - we can continue the discussion on the board list
20:26 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:26 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: October 10, 2022 at 2000 UTC.
20:26 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:26 < fsf> None here
20:26 < jconway> none here
20:26 < schultmc> Works for me
20:26 < Snow-Man> technically a possible holiday here
20:26 < milan> no objections
20:26 < Snow-Man> but it works for me
20:26 < fungi> i'm good with october 10, yep. thanks!
20:26 < Snow-Man> (Indiginous people's day / formerly Columbus Day)
20:26 < zv> no objection
20:27 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
