21:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
21:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
21:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which
21:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at:
21:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2022/2022-08-08/
21:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
21:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
21:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to schultmc if you wish your attendance to be
21:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:00 < zv> Zach van Rijn
21:00 < schultmc> .
21:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
21:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
21:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:00 < jesusalva> Jonatas L. Nogueira
21:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
21:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
21:01 < schultmc> As I understand it, Timothy Potter, our previous secretary, resigned as of the end of the 2022-07-11 meeting thus we do not currently have a secretary until we elect one later in this meeting
21:01 < schultmc> I'm not aware of any regrets - we can continue and zumbi can join later if he's available
21:02 < Snow-Man> +1
21:02 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
21:02 < schultmc> Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2021
21:02 < schultmc> financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm
21:02 < schultmc> on filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received
21:02 < schultmc> a 6 month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will
21:02 < schultmc> be completed by the November 15, 2022 deadline.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting
21:02 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our
21:02 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> </done>
21:02 < schultmc> .
21:02 < schultmc> Snow-Man: do you have anything to add?
21:02 < Snow-Man> Not really, I believe Hector was able to take care of signing a contract that came up with some urgency or at least is handling it.
21:03 < schultmc> +1
21:03 -!- zumbi_ [~oftc-webi@146.red-95-127-88.dynamicip.rima-tde.net] has joined #spi
21:03 < Perdu> Query schultmc
21:03 < Perdu> Damn
21:03 < zumbi_> Hello
21:03 < schultmc> zumbi_: please state your name
21:03 -!- danvet_ [~Daniel@2a02:168:57f4:0:efd0:b9e5:5ae6:c2fa] has quit [Ping timeout: 480 seconds]
21:03 < zumbi_> Héctor Orón Martínez
21:03 -!- zumbi_ is now known as Guest7738
21:03 < schultmc> For the record, I'd like to applaud the entire board for attending the 2022-08-08 board meeting
21:04 < Snow-Man> woooo
21:04 -!- Guest7738 is now known as zumbi
21:04 < jconway> \o/
21:04  * Snow-Man wonders when the last time that happened was ...
21:04 < milan> \o/
21:04 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:04 < schultmc> zumbi?
21:04 -!- zumbi is now known as Guest7739
21:04 -!- Guest7739 is now known as zumbi
21:05 < zumbi> Processing payments is on going
21:06 < zumbi> I have received a proposal for reimbursement system redesign done by volunteer, I need to forward to board for further discussion.
21:07 < zumbi> Nothing else from my side
21:07 < zumbi> .
21:07 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:07 < schultmc> Absent a secretary, we will pick this up next month.
21:07 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:08 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2022-07-11 meeting require approval but do not appear available at the moment.
21:08 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:08 < schultmc> [7.1 Officer Elections]
21:08 < schultmc> Current officers include:
21:08 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) President
21:08 < schultmc> Stephen Frost (Snow-man) Vice President
21:08 < schultmc> Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) Treasurer
21:08 < schultmc> Timothy Potter (tpot) Secretary
21:08 < schultmc> Timothy decided to resign from the SPI board thus the role of Secretary is vacant.
21:08 < schultmc> Is any board member interested in running for Secretary or any of the other officer positions?
21:08 < zv> I would like to nominate myself for the position of Secretary, on the condition that tpot and/or others are available to answer questions during transition.
21:08 < fsf> I'm interested
21:08 < schultmc> I am interested in continuing as president.
21:09 < Snow-Man> I'm interested in continuing as vice president.
21:09 < zumbi> I am interested in continuing as Treasurer.
21:09 < schultmc> fsf: are you interested in Secretary or one of the other officer roles?
21:10 < fsf> schultmc: Secretary
21:11  * jesusalva now wonders when was the last time there was two people running for the same officer position
21:11  * zv is a robot
21:11  * jesusalva now wonders when was the last time there was two sentient beings running for the same officer position
21:11 < schultmc> Hearing no other nominations, I move the nominations for President, Vice President and Treasurer be closed.
21:12 < fungi> seconded
21:12 < Snow-Man> Second
21:12 < zumbi> second
21:12 < schultmc> I don't have the vote bot so I'm working on typing this up manually - hold please :)
21:12 < jesusalva> seconded
21:12 < milan> second
21:14 < schultmc> Voting started, 7 people (schultmc,snow-man,tpot,jconway,milan,lamby,zumbi) allowed to vote on Accept minutes for meeting Monday 13th June 2022. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:14 < schultmc> whoops
21:16 < zumbi> !vote yes
21:16 < fungi> heh
21:16 < schultmc> xVoting started, 9 people (schultmc,snow-man,zv,jconway,milan,jesusalva,fsf,,zumbi) allowed to vote on Close nominations for president, vice president and treasurer. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:17 < milan> !vote yes
21:17 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:17 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:17 < zv> !vote yes
21:17 < jconway> !vote yes
21:17 < jesusalva> !vote yes
21:17 < zumbi> !vote yes
21:17 < fungi> !vote yes
21:17 < schultmc> apologies for missing the 9th board member (fungi)
21:17 < fungi> np
21:17 < fsf> !vote yes
21:18 < schultmc> Voting closed. 9 yes, zero no, zero abstain
21:19 < schultmc> Voting started, 9 people (schultmc,snow-man,zv,jconway,milan,jesusalva,fsf,fungi,zumbi) allowed to vote on Elect zv or fsf as SPI Secretary. - You may vote fsf/zv/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:19 < jesusalva> !vote abstain
21:19 < jesusalva> I feel both would do a good job
21:19 < fungi> !vote fsf
21:19 < zv> !vote zv
21:19 < Snow-Man> !vote fsf
21:19 < fsf> !vote fsf
21:19 < jconway> !vote fsf
21:20 < schultmc> !vote fsf
21:20 < fungi> (fwiw, i feel both would do a good job too)
21:20 < zumbi> !vote abstain
21:20 < milan> !vote yes
21:20 < milan> !vote fsf
21:21 < schultmc> Voting closed. 1 zv, 2 abstain, 6 fsf
21:21 < schultmc> Congratulations fsf!
21:22 < fsf> Thank you! I'll do my best to live up to the high standard that Tim set!
21:22 < schultmc> We have unofficial assistant roles for some positions - fsf, if you'd like maybe zv could assist you if desired.
21:22 < Snow-Man> thanks to zv for running
21:22 < Snow-Man> +1
21:22 < bittin> congrats, created a MR to update the site
21:22 < zv> I'm happy to help in any way I can; let me know.
21:22 < jconway> +1
21:22 < zv> Congrats fsf!
21:22 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
21:22 < jesusalva> I would like to assist zumbi
21:22 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
21:22 < jesusalva> schultmc1: Yes
21:22 < jesusalva> The Battle for Wesnoth onboarding: https://files.catbox.moe/mqj845.txt
21:23 < fsf> Great, thanks schultmc and zv!
21:24 < fungi> jesusalva: you're seeking a board vote on that resolution?
21:24 < jesusalva> fungi: Yes, I sent by email on July 18th
21:24 < fungi> right, i saw. thanks for confirming
21:24 < zv> recommend making that document fully available on the SPI website for posterity
21:24 < Snow-Man> we tabled it from last time, it lgtm, imv we should go ahead and move forward / vote
21:24 < fungi> i second that
21:25 < fungi> not that it matters, but it's a really fun game too ;)
21:25 < bittin> +1
21:26 < fungi> i don't recall anyone raising concerns with the proposal last month or in the interim
21:26 < schultmc> Voting started, 9 people (schultmc,snow-man,zv,jconway,milan,jesusalva,fsf,fungi,zumbi) allowed to vote on SPI resolution 2022-08-08.xyz.1. Accept Battle for Wesnoth as an SPI Associated Project. You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:26 < jesusalva> !vote yes
21:26 < fsf> !vote yes
21:26 < zv> !vote yes
21:26 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:26 < jconway> !vote yes
21:27 < zumbi> !vote yes
21:27 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
21:27 < fungi> !vote yes
21:27 < milan> !vote yes
21:27 < schultmc> Vote closed - 9 yes, zero no, zero abstain
21:27 < schultmc> Anything else to discuss?
21:27 < fungi> zv: with regards to making the document available on the spi website, presumably the texts of all board resolutions are included with the minutes?
21:28 < zumbi>  Nothing from me
21:28 < jconway> none here
21:28 < jesusalva> fungi: All goes to https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/
21:28 < milan> none
21:28 < fungi> jesusalva: thanks for confirming
21:28 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:28 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: September 12, 2022 at 2000 UTC.
21:28 < schultmc> Any objections?
21:28 < fungi> i have nothing else
21:28 < zumbi> No objection
21:28 < jconway> nope
21:29 < fungi> works for me
21:29 < Snow-Man> I should be able to make that though I'll be traveling to NYC, just fyi.
21:29 < milan> sounds good
21:29 < bittin> works for me
21:29 < fsf> No problems here
21:29 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
