20:00 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
20:00 < schultmc> [item 1, Opening]
20:00 < schultmc> Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which 
20:00 < schultmc> is now called to order. Today's agenda can be found on the web at: 
20:00 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2022/2022-11-14/
20:00 < schultmc> [item 2, Roll Call]
20:00 < milan> Milan Kupcevic
20:00 < schultmc> Directors, please state your name
20:00 < schultmc> Guests, please /msg your names to fsf if you wish your attendance to be
20:00 < fungi> Jeremy Stanley
20:00 < zv> Zach van Rijn
20:00 < fsf> Forrest Fleming
20:00 < schultmc> recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> fsf, do we have any regrets?
20:00 < schultmc> .
20:00 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
20:00 < fsf> No regrets
20:00 < jconway> Joe Conway
20:00 < Snow-Man> Stephen Frost
20:00 < schultmc> Jesusalva[m]: ping
20:01 < schultmc> zumbi: ping
20:01 < schultmc> we're quorate so we can move on
20:01 < schultmc> [item 3, President's Report]
20:01 < schultmc> I've been working with the associated projects that recently held conferences to finalize
20:01 < schultmc> their recent events.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Our auditing firm is filing our federal tax form and has provided us the information to file our New York State form. Our 2021 audit is nearly complete as well.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling contracting 
20:01 < schultmc> with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a fantastic job working with our 
20:01 < jesusalva> Jonatas L. Nogueira
20:01 < schultmc> contractors and legal counsel.
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> </done>
20:01 < schultmc> .
20:01 < schultmc> Snow-Man: do you have anything to add?
20:02 < Snow-Man> Biggest thing is to ask the board to please, please, please review the work done by our IT contractor
20:02 < Snow-Man> so that we can continue to make progress moving off of the old infrastructure and on to the new
20:02 < zv> Where would be the best place to discuss any items that come up during review?
20:03 < Snow-Man> Perdu ?
20:03 < jesusalva> Snow-Man: I did saw the work being done on the membership, but I think that "how application management will be handled going forth" is a bigger problem.
20:03 < fungi> i poked around a bit and from outward appearances it seemed the same as the prior system, but i suppose that's the point
20:03 < Snow-Man> that is generally the point, yes.
20:03 < Perdu> I sent an email to board@, just respond to that email thread I guess
20:03 < Snow-Man> works for me
20:03 < fungi> thanks!
20:04 < schultmc> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
20:04 < schultmc> zumbi isn't currently here.
20:04 < schultmc> .
20:04 < schultmc> The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is striving for
20:04 < schultmc> more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being processed but if there are
20:04 < schultmc> any board members who would like to assist with treasury tasks, additional
20:04 < schultmc> help is always welcome.
20:04 < schultmc> .
20:04 < schultmc> [item 5, Secretary's report]
20:04 < schultmc> fsf?
20:04 < fsf> The Fabrik project is applying to join SPI; we expect to have a vote regarding their joining at the December meeting.
20:04 < fsf> ,'
20:04 < fsf> <eom>
20:04 < schultmc> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
20:04 < schultmc> The minutes for the 2022-10-10 meeting need to be approved.
20:04 < schultmc> They are available at
20:04 < schultmc> https://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2022/2022-10-10/
20:05 < fsf> Voting started, 8 people (schultmc,snow-man,fsf,jconway,milan,jesusalva,fungi,zv) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Monday 10 October 2022. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
20:05 < Snow-Man> !vote yes
20:05 < schultmc> !vote yes
20:05 < zv> !vote yes
20:05 < fsf> !vote yes
20:05 < jconway> !vote yes
20:05 < milan> !vote yes
20:05 < fungi> @vote yes
20:05 < fungi> gah
20:05 < fungi> !vote yes
20:05 < jesusalva> !vote yes
20:06 < fsf> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Monday 10 October 2022": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
20:06 < fsf> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Monday 10 October 2022" closed.
20:06 < schultmc> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
20:06 < schultmc> Nothing on the agenda
20:06 < schultmc> [item 8, Any other business]
20:06 < schultmc> Anything to discuss?
20:06 < zv> I would like some help with answering the questions posed in a recent email to the board,
20:06 < jesusalva> Kinda, we still need to reply to another project which asked about onboarding
20:06 < jesusalva> Yes that
20:06 < zv> the document is in Google Docs and a link was sent on Signal.
20:07 < jesusalva> The UPS Tools project, glad zv and me are on same page :P
20:07 < fsf> I think it's OK to communicate on signal, but please don't solely use it. Especially for doc review etc, please also send to email
20:07 < schultmc> +1
20:07 < fungi> yes, a post to the board ml would be appreciated since i don't use signal
20:07 < zv> OK. jesusalva would you mind sending that mail please?
20:08 < zv> (to the board). thanks.
20:08 < schultmc> [item 9, Next board meeting]
20:08 < schultmc> The next board meeting is scheduled for: December 12, 2022 at 2000 UTC.
20:08 < schultmc> Any objections?
20:09 < fsf> No objections here
20:09 < jesusalva> Done
20:09 < jconway> nope
20:09 < jesusalva> No objections
20:09 < milan> no objections
20:09 < fungi> sounds good to me
20:09 < Snow-Man> should work for me
20:09 < bittin> should work here too i think
20:09 < schultmc> *GAVEL*
