22:31 < bdale> *GAVEL*
22:31 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Board Meeting, which is now called to order.
22:31 < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2015/2015-09-10/
22:31 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
22:31 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
22:31 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
22:31 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
22:31 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
22:31 < Ganneff> Joerg Jaspert
22:31 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
22:31 < glp> Gregers Petersen
22:32 < Solver> Robert Brockway
22:33 < bdale> ok, so we have quorum .. wait a few for others, or do we have regrets?
22:33 < tbm> I have not received any regrets.
22:33 < Solver> I suggest we proceed
22:33 < bdale> hrm
22:33 < bdale> ok
22:33 < jcristau> xnox was around?
22:34 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
22:34 < bdale> Thank you to Valessio Brito for the improved look of the spi-inc.org website, implemented during Debconf!  We had a good BOF too, video is available for any who want to see it.
22:34 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
22:34 < bdale> Michael?
22:34 < schultmc> July 2015 report is in the agenda and was emailed out. I'm still working on the August 2015 report.
22:34 < schultmc> our 2015 NYS and Federal filings have been filed and accepted
22:35 < schultmc> I'm still working with the bookkeepers to get periodic reports from them
22:35 < schultmc> </done>
22:35 < bdale> ok, thanks
22:35 < Ganneff> why does it seem so hard for them to do regular reports?
22:35 < schultmc> not certain
22:36 < Ganneff> i would expect that to be a standard thing?
22:36 < schultmc> their chief operating officer is assisting with our account now so hopefuly we'll get better service
22:36 < bdale> we definitely need to schedule a conversation about what they're doing for us vs what we need done vs what we could work with others like LF or SFC to get done differently
22:36 < schultmc> I'm not opposed to switching vendors, especially since it's been difficult to get decent results with them
22:37  * xnox is around
22:37 < bdale> yep, ok.  when/how should we proceed with a focused discussion about this?
22:37 < Ganneff> xnox: state your name
22:37 < schultmc> bkuhn has offered to work with me and tbm to get SPI on the same system SFC uses
22:37 < xnox> Dimitri John Ledkov
22:37 < bdale> I'm willing to consider actually getting the right folks together in person, for example
22:38  * bkuhn wakes up because schultmc mentioned his name.  We're ready to go, with tbm's help, whenever you all are.
22:39 < glp> could we schedule the conversation for next week?
22:40 < bdale> schultmc: what's your schedule like?
22:40 < Ganneff> bkuhn, schultmc, tbm: can you find a good time to discuss this, outside the meeting?
22:40 < Ganneff> (so slow here)
22:41 < tbm> It would be good to understand what they do (or what they are supposed to do), and what needs to be done in general
22:41 < schultmc> I'm in training tuesday through thursday but am available monday and wednesday
22:41 < tbm> I'm around next week and happy to meet
22:41 < schultmc> as well as much of the following week
22:41 < xnox> reading the report, i'm confused what "Processing Fees" mean and "SPI 5%". I would want to see a general ledger of the accounts for e.g. past year to understand and get the insight as to what sorts of things we are accountable for.
22:41 < xnox> (Treasurer's Report)
22:42 < schultmc> processing fees are fees charged by our credit card processors
22:42 < xnox> schultmc: right. also sigh, that it costs that much.
22:42 < schultmc> SPI 5% is the fee we charge our associated projects to cover our operating expenses
22:43 < bdale> ok, so how do we close on this for today?  can we agree on a meeting time now, do we need to move this to email, or what?  I do not want to let it just sit another month.
22:44 < glp> wednesday next week 20:30 utc?
22:44 < schultmc> monday or friday next week works for me
22:45 < bdale> ok, let's move this to email, or a web schedule thingy or something .. I hate trying to do meeting planning on irc.
22:45 < schultmc> fine with me
22:45 < glp> 'k
22:46 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
22:46 < bdale> Martin?
22:46 < tbm> Unfortunately, I haven't finished the August minutes.
22:46 < tbm> We forgot to do officer elections during the last meeting, so we'll do it today.
22:46 < tbm> I have nothing else to report.
22:46 < bdale> the officer elections weren't on the agenda, do you want to do that now or in AOB?
22:46 < Ganneff> they are point 8
22:46 < bdale> oh, right, I see it now...  /o\
22:47 < bdale> fixing my file
22:47 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
22:47 < bdale> Martin, I believe we have one set to approve today?
22:47 < xnox> schultmc: SPI 5% - ok, however we have 118k reserves, and we distribute per-project ongoing expenses directly to the projects. Seems weird, to build up reserves.
22:47 < Ganneff> bkuhn: which is the one he didnt do yet, as he said.
22:48 < Ganneff> err
22:48 < Ganneff> bdale: ^^
22:48 < tbm> no, the August minutes are not completed
22:48 < tbm> so nothing to approve today
22:48 < bdale> ok
22:48 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
22:48 < bdale> None.
22:48 < bdale> [item 8, Appointment of board officers]
22:48 < bdale> We missed this last month, so need to do it today.  Martin?
22:48 < tbm> Correct.
22:49 < tbm> I received nominations from everyone who is currently an officer and no other nominations.
22:49  * bdale sighs
22:49 < bdale> ok
22:49 < bdale> so, any other last minute nominations?
22:50  * xnox hears crickets in the distance. =)
22:50 < Ganneff> or in more words: anyone else up for president? vp? treasurer? secretary?
22:51 < Ganneff> bdale: doesnt seem like you get out early...
22:51 < bdale> ok, fine.  then a simple vote to accept the slate?
22:52 < Ganneff> ay, go
22:52 < tbm> Voting started, 7 people (bdale,ganneff,tbm,schultmc,solver,glp,xnox) allowed to vote on Approve officers as discussed. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
22:52 < schultmc> !vote yes
22:52 < Solver> !vote yes
22:52 < bdale> !vote yes
22:52 < Ganneff> !vote yes
22:52 < tbm> !vote yes
22:52 < glp> !vote yes
22:53 < xnox> !vote yes
22:53 < tbm> Current voting results for "Approve officers as discussed": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
22:53 < tbm> Voting for "Approve officers as discussed" closed.
22:55  * Ganneff pokes the old-and-new president. go go go. dont sit there crying because you got another year :)
22:56 < jcristau> Ganneff: he's busy replacing his president hat
22:56 < Ganneff> the old p hat with the new p hat?
22:56 < jcristau> yep
22:57 < Ganneff> right, so lets get on..
22:57 < Ganneff> [item 9, Any other business]
22:57 < Ganneff> anyone anything?
22:57 < Ganneff> noone?
22:58 < Ganneff> [item 10, Next board meeting: October 8th, 2015, 20:30 UTC]
22:58 < Ganneff> no comments? then:
22:58 < Ganneff> *GAVEL*
