21:30 < bdale> *GAVEL*
21:30 < bdale> [item 1, Opening] Welcome to today's Software in the Public Interest Annual General Meeting, which is now called to order.
21:30 < bdale> Today's agenda can be found on the web at: http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/agendas/2015/2015-07-09/
21:30 < bdale> [item 2, Roll Call]
21:30 < bdale> Board members, please state your name for the record.  As we have nine board members, quorum for today's meeting is six.
21:30 < bdale> Guests (including board advisors), please /msg your names to tbm if you wish your attendance to be recorded in the minutes of this meeting.
21:30 < Noodles> Jonathan McDowell
21:30 < schultmc> Michael Schultheiss
21:30 < Solver> Robert Brockway
21:30 < bdale> Bdale Garbee
21:31 < tbm> Martin Michlmayr
21:31 < zobel> Martin Zobel-Helas
21:31 < tbm> I received regrets from Ganneff
21:31 < bdale> so it appears we have quorum .. who else is missing?
21:31 < Noodles> linuxhiker was around earlier and said he had to pop out and might be late.
21:31 < bdale> ok
21:32 < Noodles> glp was around half an hour ago.
21:32 < glp> I'm here
21:33 < glp> Gregers Petersen
21:33 < bdale> cool .. if linuxhiker might run late and Ganneff sent regrets, I guess we can move on
21:33 < bdale> [item 3, President's Report]
21:33 < bdale> I had some conversation in the last month with Jim Zemlin of the Linux Foundation about options for having them provide SPI with part-time staffing.
21:33 < bdale> I hope to have a concrete proposal for the board to review before our next meeting.
21:34 < bdale> [item 4, Treasurer's Report]
21:34 < bdale> Michael?
21:34 < schultmc> While preparing the annual treasurer's report I noticed a handful of errors requiring updated reports
21:35 < schultmc> I needed to correct all of the reports from july 2014 through june 2013 to propogate the corrections through the balance sheets
21:35 < schultmc> I'll email out the reports soon but they're currently in the agenda
21:35 < zobel> 2013?
21:35 < schultmc> i'll have the income statement for the annual report done soon
21:35 < schultmc> 2015
21:35 < linuxhiker> JOshua D. Drake
21:35 < schultmc> sorry, typo
21:35 < bdale> linuxhiker: welcome
21:35 < schultmc> july 2014 through june 2015
21:36 < bdale> schultmc: I have not had time to review them today .. any big surprises?
21:37 < schultmc> no big surprises other than the corrections - the corrections do handle an outstanding request from SMC
21:37 < bdale> ok
21:37 < bdale> anything else?
21:37 < schultmc> they were concerned their balance was lower than expected - i discovered the issue and corrected it
21:37 < schultmc> nothing else
21:37 < tbm> SMC?
21:37 < zobel> schultmc: any help needed re GSOC?
21:37 < tbm> oh never mind
21:38 < tbm> Swathanthra Malayalam Computing
21:38 < schultmc> Swathanthra Malayalam Computing
21:38 < bdale> [item 5, Secretary's report]
21:38 < bdale> Martin??
21:38 < tbm> The minutes and web site are up-to-date.
21:38 < tbm> I did a lot of work on the web site.  I updated several project pages, updated SPI liaisons and fixed many HTML syntax errors.
21:38 < tbm> I put together the 2015 Annual Report which includes updates from 10 associated projects this year.
21:38 < tbm> It's almost done -- Michael has to revise some figures in the treasurer report
21:38 < tbm> I'll publish and announce it when the treasurer report is ready.
21:38 < zobel> bdale: i still had questions to schultmc!
21:38 < tbm> Thank you to the officers (Bdale and Michael) and committees (Noodles) for their updates,
21:38 < tbm> and in particular to the associated projects that submitted updates!
21:39 < bdale> zobel: sorry, he said he was done .. we'll return to that as soon as tbm is done
21:39 < tbm> I'm done.
21:39 < bdale> tbm: very good on the annual report, we've not been good about getting those done in recent years.  thanks!
21:39 < bdale> zobel: go
21:40 < schultmc> zobel: I've got it handled - i'll reach out if I need assistance
21:40 < zobel> see above. we had mails from Projects, and i wanted to know if everything is handled now
21:40 < schultmc> yes, it's handled now
21:40 < zobel> okay.
21:40 < zobel> done.
21:40 < bdale> thanks
21:40 < bdale> [item 6, Outstanding minutes]
21:40 < bdale> Martin, I believe we have last month's to vote on today?
21:40 < tbm> Yes: http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2015/2015-06-11/
21:41 < tbm> Voting started, 8 people (bdale,tbm,schultmc,solver,linuxhiker,noodles,glp,zobel) allowed to vote on Meeting minutes for Thursday 11 June 2015. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:41 < tbm> !vote yes
21:41 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:41 < zobel> !vote yes
21:41 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
21:41 < Solver> !vote yes
21:41 < Noodles> !vote yes
21:41 < bdale> !vote abstain
21:41 < glp> !vote yes
21:41 < tbm> Current voting results for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 11 June 2015": Yes: 7, No: 0, Abstain: 1, Missing: 0 ()
21:41 < tbm> Voting for "Meeting minutes for Thursday 11 June 2015" closed.
21:41 < bdale> thank you
21:41 < bdale> [item 7, Items up for discussion]
21:41 < bdale> [item 7.1, Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1: Board member accountability]
21:41 < bdale> Martin?
21:42 < tbm> I'd like to add that this resolution is a modified version of the
21:42 < tbm> resolution originally proposed by David Graham as 2015-03-10.dbg.1 on the
21:42 < tbm> spi-private mailing list on March 10 2015.
21:42 < tbm> Voting started, 8 people (bdale,tbm,schultmc,solver,linuxhiker,noodles,glp,zobel) allowed to vote on Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1 Board member accountability. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:42 < tbm> !vote yes
21:42 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:42 < glp> !vote yes
21:42 < Noodles> !vote yes
21:42 < bdale> !vote yes
21:42 < Solver> !vote yes
21:42 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
21:42 < zobel> !vote yes
21:42 < tbm> Current voting results for "Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1 Board member accountability": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:42 < tbm> Voting for "Resolution 2015-06-02.mm.1 Board member accountability" closed.
21:43 < bdale> thank you
21:43 < bdale> [item 7.2, Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2: Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba]
21:43 < tbm> Voting started, 8 people (bdale,tbm,schultmc,solver,linuxhiker,noodles,glp,zobel) allowed to vote on Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2 Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba. - You may vote yes/no/abstain only, type !vote $yourchoice now.
21:43 < tbm> !vote yes
21:43 < bdale> !vote yes
21:43 < schultmc> !vote yes
21:43 < glp> !vote yes
21:43 < linuxhiker> !vote yes
21:43 < Noodles> !vote yes
21:43 < zobel> !vote yes
21:43 < Solver> !vote yes
21:43 < tbm> Current voting results for "Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2 Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba": Yes: 8, No: 0, Abstain: 0, Missing: 0 ()
21:43 < tbm> Voting for "Resolution 2015-06-11.jdd.mcs.2 Sponsorship of travel to PostgreSQL conference in Cuba" closed.
21:44 < bdale> thank you
21:44 < bdale> [item 8, Any other business]
21:44 < bdale> Since this is our AGM, do any SPI members present have items for discussion they would like to address briefly?
21:44 < bdale> tbm: want to provide an update on the nominations for the board?
21:45 < tbm> So far I have received no nominations.  I sent out a reminder today.
21:45 < bdale> so two open seats on the board, right?
21:45 < tbm> Yes
21:45 < tbm> Nominations are due on Monday
21:45 < bdale> hrm.  do we need to cast the net wider somehow?
21:45  * schultmc expressed interest in running again in a past board meeting - I'll send in an official nomination after this meeting
21:46 < bdale> schultmc: cool
21:46 < linuxhiker> remind me where nominations go?
21:46 < bdale> I'd love to see at least one nomination from an associated project not currently represented
21:46 < Noodles> linuxhiker: secretary@spi-inc.org
21:46 < linuxhiker> thank you Noodles
21:47 < bdale> Noodles: and, btw, thank you for your service on the board!
21:47 < tbm> Here's the call for nominations:
21:47 < tbm> http://lists.spi-inc.org/pipermail/spi-announce/2015/000356.html
21:48 < bdale> anything else we should talk about today?
21:48 < Noodles> No problem.
21:48 < linuxhiker> bdale: curious how the linuxfoundation thing would work
21:48 < Noodles> I have a new members site ready-ish to roll out.
21:48 < linuxhiker> bdale: I think we should be responsible for ourselves considering our healthy financial status
21:48 < Noodles> I sent a pointer to the git repo to -general but haven't received any feedback. Currently blocked on an upgrade of the box hosting it from squeeze to jessie.
21:49 < bdale> linuxhiker: Zemlin hires a lot of people to meet the needs of their various LF labs projects.  I asked him if he'd be willing to provide managerial support for having one of his people work part time for us.
21:49 < bdale> we would of course set up a contractual relationship and pay for the service
21:49 < bdale> in effect, using the LF merely as an admin staffing outsourcing entity
21:50 < bdale> I hope to turn the current "yeah, we could do that" from Jim into a concrete proposal in the next week or two
21:50 < linuxhiker> bdale: got it and I can appreciate that, I would note that many CPAs offer a similar service
21:51 < glp> bdale: but still ... I'm not sure if this is a good idea.
21:51 < bdale> I had experience with a "management agency" providing services to the CELF before it folded into the LF a few years ago.  It was functional, but expensive.
21:51 < tbm> I think it also depends on how we want to do our bookkeeping.  schultmc expressed interest in moving to ledger, and this would influence what kind of help we need
21:51 < schultmc> I'm highly unimpressed with our current bookeeping service
21:52 < bdale> glp: I'm more than open to alternative ideas.  the problem is that we all agree we could use paid help, but I don't see anyone on the SPI board including me wanting to engage in direct hiring and people management activities.  so the question is how best to obtain the services we need.
21:52 < schultmc> they recently changed the staff working on our account so it's possible service could improve but I'm not holding my breath
21:53 < bdale> I have personal experience with the LF staff on a number of other activities and think it's a reasonable place to try and get this service.  If others have other ideas, I'm completely open to alternative proposals.  Of the ideas I've come up with, this is the best one so far and I want to get it at least to the point where we can talk about costs and terms as a board.
21:54 < linuxhiker> I know this won't be that popular but the fact that we are not using the industry standard is ridiculous
21:54 < bdale> schultmc: I would expect you to have a significant role in helping us understand if what they can offer is what we actually want/need
21:54 < Noodles> Industry standard what?
21:54 < linuxhiker> bookeeeping
21:54 < linuxhiker> eh
21:54 < bdale> he means quickbooks, I presume
21:54 < linuxhiker> book keeping
21:54 < schultmc> our bookeepers do use quickbooks
21:54 < schultmc> they've never provided me access to the quickbooks
21:55 < linuxhiker> schultmc: Well I don't see why we can't buy a copy and just trade files back and forth (that is what CMD does)
21:55 < schultmc> we could - we've paid to online access to the data file or something
21:55 < linuxhiker> schultmc: Actually, I take that back that is waht CMD used to do
21:55 < Noodles> I've never got the impression that our choice of software is why we aren't making good use of external help.
21:55 < linuxhiker> schultmc: what we do now host quickbooks ourselves and use gotomypc (but there are other ways)
21:56 < Noodles> bdale, I think the LF stuff is the most progress we've made on any general help option and I look forward to seeing something a bit more concrete.
21:56 < linuxhiker> schultmc: and my other company (oxworksnw) uses Quickbooks Online quite successfully
21:56 -!- pecg [~pecg@0001c1b1.user.oftc.net] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
21:56 < bdale> frankly, I think some things we could use help on are only partly book-keeping .. chasing the GSOC stuff is one good example
21:57 < Noodles> Quite.
21:57 < bdale> ok, well, we'll continue this on-list as soon as I make time to get to the next step with Jim
21:57 < bdale> I was encouraged that he was inclined to be helpful
21:57 < bdale> any other items anyone wants to discuss today?
21:58 < bdale> [item 9, Next board meeting]
21:58 < bdale> Our next regularly-scheduled monthly meeting would be 14 August 2015, 20:30 UTC.
21:58 < bdale> Any strong objections?
21:58 < Solver> sounds fine to me
21:58 < bdale> I personally will be traveling with my son in Germany kinda-sorta on our way to Debconf at that time
21:58 < linuxhiker> putting in regrets for September now, before I forget
21:58 < linuxhiker> I am fine with 08/14
21:59 < tbm> not ideal either for me due to DebConf travel but I might be able to make it
21:59  * zobel will be at debcamp at that time
21:59 < bdale> that's a Friday?
21:59 < zobel> hopefully finished with wlan access.
21:59 < Noodles> It doesn't matter to me. ;)
21:59 < bdale> Noodles: pfft
21:59 < linuxhiker> bdale: why not 08/13?
21:59 < bdale> Noodles: will you be at debconf this year?
21:59 < Noodles> Yes, I'll be at DebConf and will attend the SPI BOF.
22:00 < tbm> sorry, that's a typo
22:00 < tbm> should have been August 13
22:00 < bdale> ok .. 13 August a 20:30 UTC
22:00 < tbm> so I should be able to make it
22:00 < bdale> Ok, thank you to everyone present for participating today.
22:00 < bdale> *GAVEL*
