[[!meta title="Resolution 1998-12-01.iwj.1: Open Source Trademark"]]
[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2025 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Resolution 1998-12-01.iwj.1: Open Source Trademark

December 1st, 1998

1. Whereas some former member(s) of the Board of Software in the
Public Interest, Inc. ('SPI') have expressed intention to assign to
third parties or other organisations trademarks, owned by the
corporation, without due authorisation, process or consultation; and

2. Whereas, although those former board member(s) are aware of the
lack of authorisation, it would be wise to put this awareness on a
formal footing; and

3. Whereas some former board member(s) are believed to be in the
possession of papers relating to trademarks owned by the corporation;
and

4. Whereas the Board believes that the status quo should be preserved
until a determination of the intended future of the Open Source
trademark is reached by the Board; and

5. Whereas the Board wishes to set the affairs of the corporation in
order, and to ensure that it is aware of the status of the
corporation's trademarks;

### The board hereby resolves and declares that

6. Bruce Perens, Ian Murdock and Timothy Sailer ('the Former Board
Members') have not been authorised, and remain not authorised, to
carry out any assignment of the 'Open Source' trademark, USPTO number
75-439502, unless specifically directed by a future resolution of the
SPI Board.

7. The Former Board Members are requested and required to list and
describe all documents they possess, which came into their possession
because of their then status as officers of SPI, which relate to the
application for and ownership of the Open Source trademark, and any
other trademark(s), belonging to SPI.

8. The Former Board Members are requested and required to describe in
detail any conversation, correspondence or notification any of them
have taken part in, sent, received, and/or dealt with, since the 1st
of October 1998, purportedly in their capacity as officers or
ex-officers of SPI or purportedly with any authority from SPI.

9. The Former Board Members are requested and required to provide the
above information by appropriately cryptographically signed electronic
mail, and/or on paper to SPI's address (below) within fourteen days.

10. SPI Board member(s) may request, on behalf of SPI, from the Former
Board Members, such documents as are described above; the Former Board
Member(s) are requested and required then to send the requested
documents or copies thereof to SPI's address (below), within fourteen
days of each such request.

11. SPI's address for the purposes in this resolution is:

        Software in the Public Interest, Inc.
        PO Box 1326
        Boston, Ma. 02117
        USA

