[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, March 10th, 2016

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)


These are the minutes for the March 10th, 2016 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-03-10-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee had nothing to report.


## Treasurer's report

Following the face-to-face meeting in New York in February, Michael
Schultheiss has been working on transitioning SPI to ledger-cli and hoped
to have the this month's report available within the next few days using
ledger-cli.

Michael thanked the Craigslist Foundation for donating $25,000 each
again to SPI's general fund and to PostgreSQL.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr has completed the February minutes, including a summary
of the face-to-face meeting in New York.

The board adopted a Conflict of Interest policy in the February meeting.
Everyone who attended the face-to-face meeting in New York has completed
their conflict of interest declaration.  Unfortunately, despite several
reminders, some declarations from the other directors are still
outstanding.

At the face-to-face meeting in New York, the board agreed to do a member
ping.  Martin thanked Jonathan McDowell for starting this ping in the
meantime.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th February 2016:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for Face-to-face Meeting in New York, February
12-14 2016:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Robert Brockway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gregers Petersen</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 2 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Joshua D. Drake discussed various follow-up items from the face-to-face
meeting in New York:

* He had a call with a D&O agent and will have more information soon.
* Status of the language for associated project resolutions.  Dimitri John
  Ledkov posted proposed language to the board list already.
* There are several open applications that need full resolution and vote.
* There are no RT tickets for associated project applications.
* There's no final draft of the new by-laws.  Michlmayr noted that he
  reached out to Mishi Choudhary from SFLC regarding outstanding
  tasks already.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, April 14th, 2016 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

