[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, November 14th, 2016


__Board members present__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)


__Board members partially present__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton|work)


These are the minutes for the November 14th, 2016 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-11-14-log.txt).


## President's Report

President's report, as added to the agenda:

I would like to thank Martin Zobel-Helas and Dimitri John Ledkov for their
outstanding work on getting SPI's financial data into ledger.  I'm happy to
see reports using the new system in the agenda.  I'd also like to thank
Andrew Tridgell for work on PayPal and of course Michael Schultheiss for
his continued work as SPI Treasurer.

Speaking of ledger, I attended a ledger hackathon this weekend.  John
Wiegley, the maintainer of ledger, looked at [an issue SPI
found](http://bugs.ledger-cli.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1194) but hasn't been
able to resolve it yet.

SFLC confirmed that they can host our face-to-face meeting in February.
I'm looking forward to a productive meeting!

I confirmed that SPI is eligible to join NPCC.  I suggest we join NPCC
and obtain a D&O liability insurance quote through their provider.

Finally, I'm very happy to see a new draft for the by-laws.  Thanks to
Jimmy Kaplowitz.

Discussion following the president's report:

The board agreed Martin Michlmayr should submit the NPCC application and, once accepted, ask for a quote for liability insurance.

## Treasurer's report

Reports for January-August 2016 have been published:

1. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-01](../../../../treasurer/reports/201601/)
2. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-02](../../../../treasurer/reports/201602/)
3. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-03](../../../../treasurer/reports/201603/)
4. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-04](../../../../treasurer/reports/201604/)
5. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-05](../../../../treasurer/reports/201605/)
6. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-06](../../../../treasurer/reports/201606/)
7. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-07](../../../../treasurer/reports/201607/)
8. [Treasurer's report as of 2016-08](../../../../treasurer/reports/201608/)


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr contacted the Software Freedom Law Center about hosting the SPI face-to-face meeting on February 24-25th, 2017. They confirmed they can host.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 10th October 2016:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2016-10-04.mm.2: Performance Co-Pilot as associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


### Resolution 2016-10-09.djl.1: The Open MPI Project as an associated project

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 8 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.

### Bylaws draft update

Jimmy Kaplowitz sent a revised version of the bylaws to spi-general for review and received little feedback. He will request feedback individually from members who expressed opinions on previous drafts. Once there is general consensus on the draft he will request legal review by Mishi and propose a vote in a future meeting.


### Physical mailing address update

No update.


### Status of deprecation of SPI CA

Joerg Jaspert has not yet switched SPI off of the SPI CA.


## Any other business

### OFTC Election

OFTC reported to SPI they had an election. Results of vote: Christoph Berg (Myon) is still the chair, OFTC will remain a member project of SPI.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, December 12th, 2016 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2016-10-04.mm.2: Performance Co-Pilot as associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) is a substantial and significant Free
Software project.

2. Performance Co-Pilot developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. Performance Co-Pilot is formally invited to become an SPI Associated
Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI
Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which
can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Nathan Scott and Ken McDonell are recognized by SPI as the
authoritative decision makers and SPI liaisons for Performance Co-Pilot.
Successors will be appointed by the Performance Co-Pilot core team.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for Performance Co-Pilot Project is
missing in action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two
consecutive years the associated project is deemed defunct. Defunct
project's assets may be transferred to a nominated US 501(c)(3) charity or
to the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

### Resolution 2016-10-09.djl.1: The Open MPI Project as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. The Open MPI Project is a substantial and significant Free Software
project.

2. The Open MPI Project developers would like SPI's support and
assistance, including taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

1. The Open MPI Project is formally invited to become an SPI
Associated Project, according to the SPI Framework for Associated
Projects, SPI Resolution 1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a
copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

2. Ralph Castain &lt;rhc@open-mpi.org&gt; is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for The Open MPI Project.
Successors will be appointed or elected by full members of the The
Open MPI Project &lt;https://www.open-mpi.org/about/members/&gt;.

3. If the last known SPI liaison for The Open MPI Project is missing
in action, and no new SPI liaison is appointed for two consecutive
years the associated project is deemed defunct. Defunct project's
assets may be transferred to a nominated US 501(c)(3) charity or to
the SPI general fund.

4. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

