[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 9th, 2016

__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Philip Balister (Crofton)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)


These are the minutes for the June 9th, 2016 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-06-09-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee was not present, so there is no report from the President.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss continues to work with Martin Zobel-Helas and Martin
Michlmayr on getting SPI's financial data into ledger.  Regular reporting
should resume soon.  Martin Zobel-Helas added that he expects to see all
January data in ledger soon.


## Secretary's report

OpenZFS, Glucosio, ArduPilot and NTPsec accepted our invitation and are
listed on the web site now.

Martin Michlmayr emailed all SPI associated projects to gather input for
the 2015 annual report.

Robert Brockway and Gregers Petersen resigned from the board due to lack of
time.  Martin will post an overview of the election timeframe soon.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th May 2016:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Resolution 2016-05-23.jdd.1: Torch as an associated project

Vote on Resolution 2016-05-23.jdd.1:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain, 0 missing.

### Resolution 2016-06-06.jdd.1: Qubes as an associated project

While Qubes looks like an interesting project, there were various concerns
regarding the services requested by Qubes, in particular paying contractors
which SPI hasn't done before.  Several directors felt we should contact
SFLC first to get some guidance on the implications of paying contractors
and the obligations that will put on SPI.  The lack of liability insurance
was also raised as a concern and several directors thought we should put
that in place before SPI can pay contractors.

Given these concerns, the SPI board decided in a vote it couldn't accept
Qubes at this point.

Vote on Resolution 2016-06-06.jdd.1:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>No</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion failed to pass with a vote of 0 yes, 3 no, 3 abstain, 0 missing.

### New by-laws

Martin Zobel-Helas believes it's time to post the latest draft of the new
by-laws for review on the SPI mailing list.  Several directors agreed and
Martin Michlmayr took the action item to ask Bdale Garbee to post them.


## Any other business

Martin Michlmayr wanted to discuss the upcoming elections.  Because of
director resignations, there will be 6 seats available in this election and
only 1 next year and 2 in two years.  Typically, SPI has 3 seats up for
election every year.

After some discussion, the SPI board agreed that it would not change the
number of seats.  However, candidates may be asked to stand for a shorter
term than 3 years to even things out.  Joerg Jaspert and Martin
Zobel-Helas, who are both of up election, agreed to take shorter terms
if needed.

The board agreed to move the date of the Annual General Meeting to the
first Thursday in July.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, July 7th, 2016 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


## Appendix B: Resolutions

### Resolution 2016-05-23.jdd.1: Torch as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Torch is a Free Software project.

2. The Torch developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
taking donations.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Torch is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according
to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Nicholas Léonard (nick@nikopia.org) is recognised by SPI as the
authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Torch.  Successors will be
appointed or elected by members of the Torch project.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>


### Resolution 2016-06-06.jdd.1: Qubes as an associated project

<pre>
WHEREAS

1. Qubes is a Free Software project.

2. The Qubes developers would like SPI's support and assistance, including
taking donations as well as other provided services.

THE SPI BOARD RESOLVES THAT

3. Qubes is formally invited to become an SPI Associated Project, according
to the SPI Framework for Associated Projects, SPI Resolution
1998-11-16.iwj.1-amended-2004-08-10.iwj.1, a copy of which can be found at
https://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2004/2004-08-10.iwj.1/

4. Marek Marczykowski (marmarek@invisiblethingslab.com) is recognised by
SPI as the authoritative decision maker and SPI liaison for Qubes. Successors
will be appointed or elected by members of the Qubes project.

5. This invitation will lapse, if not accepted, 60 days after it is
approved by the SPI Board.
</pre>

