# Annual General Meeting, July 7th, 2016

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* None


__Board members absent__

* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Bradley M. Kuhn (bkuhn)
* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)
* Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
* Susan Spencer (susan)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)


These are the minutes for the July 7th, 2016 SPI Annual General Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-07-07-log.txt).


## President's Report

As previously indicated, Bdale Garbee decided not to stand for re-election
this year after 12+ years on the board and 10 as President.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss added a treasurer's report covering all of 2015 to the
annual report.  Michael, Martin Zobel-Helas and Martin Michlmayr are
working on getting SPI's financial data into ledger.  Martin Zobel-Helas is
working on the month of March at the moment and wants Martin Michlmayr to
double check what he has done so far.

The IRS tax filing is due on August 15 and Michael is working on it.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr states that all minutes are complete and that throughout
this year minutes and other secretary tasks were up-do-date most of the
time.  No trademark renewals or other updates are required at the moment.

Torch has accepted our invitation from the last meeting.

Martin has the 2015 annual report ready to present.  Thanks to a number of
associated projects for submitting reports about their activities and
thanks to Michael for submitting the treasurer's report for 2015.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 9th June 2016:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Joshua D. Drake</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 5 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain, 0 missing.


## Any other business

Neil McGovern would like to see SPI hire an employee so member projects
can benefit from regular and expected response times.  Bdale observes
that SPI investigated a couple of different avenues for obtaining paid
help.  The general consensus was that we should transition to a process and
toolset that would make it easier to get others involved before trying to
apply paid staff to the problem.  However, paid help is nothing SPI rules
out in the future.

Martin Michlmayr remarks that there has been a lot of interest in the SPI
election this year.  He received 5 nominations already and is in contact
with several other people who indicated an interest.

Jonathan McDowell asks whether there has been progress in obtaining D&O
insurance for SPI.  The general consensus is to go with the discounted
quote through NPCC but efforts have stalled recently.  Martin Michlmayr
agrees to work on this.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Thursday, August 11th, 2016 at 20:30 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
