[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Face-to-face Meeting in New York, February 12-14, 2016

The SPI board met in New York in February 2016 to discuss a number of
topics.  The meeting was held at Software Freedom Law Center (SFLC).
Eben Moglen and Mishi Choudhary from SFLC were available to answer
legal questions.  Brian Gupta from Debian also attended parts of the
meeting.


__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Robert Brockway (Solver)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)


__Board members absent__

* None


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Guests present__

* Brian Gupta
* Eben Moglen
* Mishi Choudhary

## Summary

* Objectives of the meeting
    * Discuss new by-laws
    * Get to a solid understanding of what we want our financial system
      to be like
    * Agree on mission and roadmap

* Defunct projects
    * Projects should have a succession plan.  The boiler plate for new
      projects should contain language that funds are transferred to the
      general fund if the project becomes defunct.
    * One idea would be to require a brief update for the annual report as
      a way for SPI to see that projects are active.  If projects fail to
      submit reports for several years, SPI can investigate whether the
      project is still active.
    * When a project becomes defunct, we can keep their domain name around
      for 5 years just in case.
    * The board reviewed existing projects and decided to reach out to some
      to see if they are still active.

* SPI logo
    * SPI evaluated the current logo proposals and decided not to adopt any
      of the proposed logos.  However, there is some agreement that new
      branding would be beneficial.  There is also a need for a vector
      version of the logo.  We can use the vectorized SVG provided by
      Valessio Brito to make it look nice on high resolution screens.

* License of web site
    * Michlmayr noted that we don't use the latest Creative Commons license
      on the web site.  One advantage of the 4.0 licenses is that they are
      more global.  Garbee pointed out that copyright of the web site is
      held by SPI, so we can relicense easily if needed.  We'll add a note
      to the web site repository to make clear that contributions are
      copyrighted by SPI.

* Onboarding and procedures
    * We should document procedures of the various teams.  There's currently
      little understanding among the board of IT and memberships related
      processes and procedures.  New directors are also not aware of the
      acceptance process of new associated projects.
    * Michlmayr documented secretary duties and activities recently.
    * Board members should have read-only access to all Git repositories.

* IT infrastructure
    * Board members can provide patches to puppet.git and help sysadmins
    * Sysadmins do not need to be part of the Board of Directors
    * Jonathan McDowell implemented a new membership system based on modern
      technology but is waiting for SPI to provide hosting for it.  During
      the meeting, the Git repo was copied from Jonathan McDowell's
      GitLab repo to git.spi-inc.org.

* Deprecation of SPI CA
    * We intend to deprecate the SPI CA as of December 31st 2016.  We'll
      announce these plans on spi-announce so there will hopefully be no
      users left at that point.
    * Debian already removed the CA from the ca-certificates package.
    * However, OFTC and to some extend Debian still use it as far as we know.

* Members
    * We can prune members with our current by-laws.  Before adopting new
      by-laws, we have to remove inactive members because of quorum
      requirements to change the by-laws.
    * We should get regular updates on new and pending members.
    * We should ping outstanding members soon.

* D&O insurance
    * There have been efforts in the past to obtain directors and officers
      (D&O) liability insurance for SPI but they stalled.
    * It's unreasonable to expect volunteers to serve on the SPI board without
      D&O insurance.
    * The board agrees that SPI should obtain D&O insurance.

* SPI mailing lists
    * Should generate unapproved emails stats, monthly to the board

* By-laws
    * The current by-laws are out-of-date and don't reflect SPI's
      practices.
    * Mishi Choudhary from SFLC presented a draft of new by-laws and
      the board discussed the draft.

* General fund
    * Due to generous donations, SPI's general fund is higher than it
      has been historically.
    * The board agreed to use funds to improve SPI's operations.
    * The board agreed to use funds to increase advocacy related to SPI.
    * The board found the face-to-face meeting very beneficial and
      decided to use general funds for more periodic meetings (possibly
      once per year or every three years).
    * The board agreed that, given the amount of money held by SPI, it
      makes sense to perform an independent audit annually, even though
      SPI is currently not required to do an audit.
    * There was no consensus to use general funds to support activities
      on an SPI level that could be done directly by associated projects.

* Financial management
    * The objective is to improve the process and to allow associated
      projects get access to detailed financial records.
    * The board discussed the current process.
    * Bradley M. Kuhn from Software Freedom Conservancy presented their
      system based on ledger-cli.
    * The board agreed to adopt ledger-cli (or a related tool, such as
      beancount) because the workflow is similar to FOSS development.
      Garbee noted that there have been more contributions to the web
      site since moving to ikiwiki.
    * Schultheiss added various bank statements to a private Git
      repository.
    * A subset of the board started adding initial data to ledger.

