[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, December 12th, 2016


__Board members present__

* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Valerie Young (spectranaut) (Secretary)
* Luca Filipozzi (luca)
* Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Andrew Tridgell (tridge)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)


__Board members absent__

* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (President)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* Jonathan McDowell (Noodles)


These are the minutes for the December 12th, 2016 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-12-12-log.txt).


## President's Report

(none)

## Treasurer's report

There was an error in some previous published treasurer reports related to PayPal. Reports for June-August 2016 have been corrected:

1. [Corrected Treasurer's report as of 2016-06](../../../../treasurer/reports/201606/)
2. [Corrected Treasurer's report as of 2016-07](../../../../treasurer/reports/201607/)
3. [Corrected Treasurer's report as of 2016-08](../../../../treasurer/reports/201608/)

Corrected reports for September-November 2016 will be published soon.

## Secretary's report

(none)

## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 14th November 2016:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Luca Filipozzi</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Andrew Tridgell</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 7 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, 0 missing.


## Items up for discussion

### Bylaws draft update

Jimmy Kaplowitz sent a revised version of the bylaws to spi-general for review and received some feedback. Feedback included adding a requirement for an attendance policy into the bylaws. Kaplowitz believes there is not enough interest to call a vote on the new bylaws yet but hopes to have a draft ready for a vote by February 24th, the 2017 SPI face-to-face meeting.


### Physical mailing address update

Luca Filipozzi will start an email thread in January on the topic. It was acknowledged that if we vote on whether a physical mailing address in necessary in the January meeting, the necessary steps can be handled in person before the face-to-face meeting in February.


### Status of deprecation of SPI CA

Joerg Jaspert has switched SPI off of the SPI CA and onto Let's Encrypt.


## Any other business

### Face-to-face

Valerie Young will begin collecting agenda items for the face-to-face. Jimmy Kaplowitz will organize the hotel booking.

### Canadian bank account

Jimmy Kaplowitz will move ahead with the investigation of opening a Canadian bank account for SPI, including meeting with a Canadian lawyer mentioned by Mishi. He expects to open the bank account in January.

### Mailing list request for donation to OSI

Joshua Drake proposed SPI to support OSI's latest fundraiser. Discussion on mailing list and general consensus was that money donated to SPI should be spent on SPI activities. SPI encourages individuals to donate to OSI directly if they wish. The OSI is one of many great FOSS organizations to support. The board agrees that money donated to SPI will be used to further SPI's mission.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday, January 9th, 2017 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014</td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Valerie Young</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Luca Filipozzi</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Jimmy Kaplowitz</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015</td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Andrew Tridgell</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2016</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

