# Board Meeting, January 14th, 2016

__Board members present__

* Bdale Garbee (bdale) (President)
* Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (Vice President)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (Treasurer)
* Martin Michlmayr (tbm) (Secretary)
* Dimitri John Ledkov (xnox)
* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)


__Board members partially present__

* None


__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joshua D. Drake (linuxhiker)
* Gregers Petersen (glp)


__Board members absent__

* Robert Brockway (Solver)


__Board advisors present__

* None


__Registered guests present__

* None


These are the minutes for the January 14th, 2016 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:30 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2016/2016-01-14-log.txt).


## President's Report

Bdale Garbee asked Mishi Choudhary from SFLC to produce a draft set of
replacement bylaws for the organization in advance of our in-person board
meeting next month, and looks forward to working on them further there.


## Treasurer's report

Michael Schultheiss is working on the December treasurer's report which
should be available shortly after the meeting.

He caught up with the majority of outstanding reimbursements.


## Secretary's report

Martin Michlmayr has completed all outstanding minutes and worked on the
logistics for the upcoming board meeting in New York.


## Outstanding minutes

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 12th November 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing.

Vote on Meeting Minutes for 10th December 2015:

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
<tr><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

Motion passed with a vote of 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 missing.

## Items up for discussion

### Logistics of face-to-face board meeting

Martin Michlmayr confirmed SPI's face-to-face board meeting in New York
in February.  Arrival is Thursday, 11th February.  SPI will have a full-day
board meeting on Friday, followed by sprints about treasurer activities and
by-law changes on Saturday.  On Sunday morning the SPI will get together
and conclude the meeting before leaving in the afternoon.

SFLC has kindly offered to host the SPI meeting.

We'll make video or audio conferencing available for our board members who
cannot attend.  Due to the face-to-face meeting, the public February
meeting is going to be scheduled for Friday, 12th February at 21:00 UTC.


## Any other business

No one had any other items to discuss.


## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Friday, February 12th, 2016 at 21:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.


## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table><tbody>
<tr><td>Last elected</td><td>Name</td><td>Role</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Bdale Garbee</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joerg Jaspert</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Martin Michlmayr</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Joshua D. Drake</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2013<br /></td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Robert Brockway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2014<br /></td><td>Gregers Petersen</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2015<br /></td><td>Dimitri John Ledkov</td></tr>
</tbody></table>


[[!meta copyright="Copyright Â© 2016 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]
