[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2026 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, May 11th, 2026

__Board members present__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* none

__Board members absent with regrets__

* none

__Board members absent__

* none

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Denislav Velinov (Denvel)

These are the minutes for the May 11th, 2026 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2026/2026-05-11.txt).

## President's report
<pre>
I am continuing to assist with the treasury team to ensure timely processing of
payments and reimbursements. We are also working with to prepare for the
auditing of our 2025 financial documents and federal and New York State
filings.
</pre>

## Vice President's report
<pre>
I'll be leaving on vacations starting May 21st and ending June 8th. I will have
limited availability during this time. Please plan accordingly if you require
me during this period.

Our other officers are expected to remain available as usual.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Payment queue is now processed up to the end of April.

Put contingency plans in place to cover for a contractor’s absence so payments
keep flowing smoothly.

Spoke with projects depending on STF funds to align expectations and improve
payment timelines.

Completed registration in Microsoft Partner Center to support the hardware
certifications needed by some projects.

I'll be away next week May 18th to May 22nd.

If you have any urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
As my Secretary term comes to a close in a few months, I want to encourage
other directors to stand for this office. While taking care of meeting
agendas/minutes and conflict of interest declarations has been manageable, I
lack both proficiency and bandwidth for tasks like event coordination, managing
our social media presence, or getting the nascent Communications Committee off
the ground.

I'll be happy to assist any incoming Secretary with the duties I've been
performing so far, if that's desired.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday, 13 April, 2026

[Board meeting, April 13th, 2026](../../2026/2026-04-13/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Items up for discussion

### Preliminary Planning for In-Person Meeting

The board discussed logistics for a focused multi-day meeting, either remotely
via teleconferencing or travelling to a common location for an in-person
gathering. Critical mass for interest in a physical meeting was reached,
depending on timing and location. Jeremy will coordinate scheduling to work out
when enough board members might be available.

### Windows Code Signing Certificate

The board reached consensus agreement that Célestin Matte should open a new
Azure account under the SPI President's identity, in order to apply for a
Windows Code Signing Certificate for sharing between SPI associated projects,
financed from SPI's general fund.

### Gitlab Open Source License Renewal

Board members and Célestin Matte brainstormed several possible workarounds in
case the Gitlab Open Source License used by SPI for corporate matters could not
be renewed without dropping some private Git repositories. Options included
moving the affected repositories to Debian's "Salsa" GitLab deployment, setting
up a self-hosted Git forge, or just doing git-over-ssh to a shared shell on a
cloud virtual server.

## Other business

* Héctor and Jonatas are working on a master service agreement for 50 hours
  with an identified contractor, in order to reach initial deliverable
  milestones for a treasury reporting dashboard and a donations portal.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday June 8th, 2026 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
