[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2026 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, February 9th, 2026

__Board members present__

* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)

__Board members partially present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent__

* none

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* William Pine (WildX), Manasource Liaison
* Phil B. (philb)

These are the minutes for the February 9th, 2026 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2026/2026-02-09.txt).

## President's report

<pre>
Martin, Héctor and I are working to prepare to get our 2025 financial
statements audited.

I am primarily working to assist the Treasury team on processing
outstanding requests.
</pre>

## Vice President's report

<pre>
I'm currently in vacations but if there's anything urgent by all means poke me.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
Processed payment queue at end of January. There are two or three stalled
items, which should be unblocked soon. Also downloaded latest statements and
those are being timely processed this month. Thanks Martin for all the help.

Visited FOSDEM and met with STF team and also I had chance to met other
associated project liasons as well as Celestin. I think it was good, I hope to
send email to board about it.

I have also started working on improvements as we discussed in the last meeting
for improving our donations platform.

If you have any urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
So far, I have only recorded 2026 Conflict of Interest forms from milan, fsf,
jconway and myself, and therefore still need them from the remaining 5
directors. If you believe you submitted one to the secretary E-mail address and
I've missed it, let me know. If you need help accessing the template
(conflicts/exhibit-a in the board-private Git repository), reach out and I'll
try to help.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday, 12 January, 2026

[Board meeting, January 12th, 2026](../../2026/2026-01-12/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on 2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project

[2026-02-09.jln.1: Lua as an associated project](../../../agendas/2026/2026-02-09/draft-2026-02-09.jln.1/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 7 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Other business

* The board briefly discussed the need to proceed with a search for a payment clerk to offload more routine Treasurer duties, as already agreed to in 2025-10-13.jln.1 last year.
* Marcelo Rabelo answered questions about the process mapping work he completed, and the board agreed to move forward with a budget request to cover follow-up risk mapping as well as creation of a RACI chart for the identified processes.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday March 9th, 2026 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
