[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2026 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Annual general meeting, July 13th, 2026

__Board members present__

* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)
* Borden Rhodes (borden)

__Board members partially present__

* Milan Kupcevic (milan)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Forrest Fleming (fsf)

__Board members absent__

* none

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Gordian Edenhofer (gordian), board candidate
* William Pine (WildX), Manasource liaison

These are the minutes for the July 13th, 2026 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2026/2026-07-13.txt).

## President's report
<pre>
The July meeting of SPI is its Annual General Meeting. Thank you to Martin
Michlmayr for compiling our Annual Report.

Martin, Héctor and I have been working with our auditor to get our 2025
financial statements audited. We are also working with the auditing firm on
filing our New York State and Federal annual filings. We have received a 6
month extension for the time to file and are confident the filings will be
completed by the November 15, 2026 deadline.

Thank you for all of our officers and directors who have served SPI for the
past several years. Best wishes to those officers and directors who are leaving
the SPI board and welcome to all new and continuing directors.
</pre>

## Vice President's report
<pre>
This is the Annual General Meeting for SPI. SPI was incorporated in June 1997,
so this marks the 29th anniversary of SPI. I want to thanks everyone who worked
hard not only this year, but during these 29 years to keep SPI running and Free
and Libre Software a reality.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
If you have any urgency, please reach out.

Thanks very much for the continuous work of the treasurer team, including
president, vice-president and contractors.

There has been some delay with payments due to cash flow issues. Other
operations as usual.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Nominations are still open until the end of tomorrow for one available seat on
SPI's board of directors (23:59 UTC on Tuesday, 2026-07-14). Please E-mail
secretary@spi-inc.org if you wish to nominate yourself before the deadline. An
election of confirmed candidates commences the following day.

The 2025 Annual Report has been announced to the spi-announce mailing list, for
all those interested in reviewing what we've accomplished last year.

A draft 5-day agenda for the November board meeting in Lisbon, Portugal is
currently being assembled, which I will post to SPI's web site once we have
exact dates chosen. In the meantime, please notify the secretary with any
proposed additions. A deadline for final agenda edits has yet to be set.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday, 8 June, 2026

[Board meeting, June 8th, 2026](../../2026/2026-06-08/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on Hold the Lisbon meeting the week of 2026-11-16

<table>
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>No</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 4 yes, 2 abstain, 1 no, 0 absent.

### Vote on Extend the Process Development contract

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--jconway-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

### Reject postal mail with invalid addressee

Board members decided to consult with counsel in order to determine whether it
makes legal sense to instruct our commercial mail receiving agency to refuse
delivery of postal mail to our address in another party's name without typical
"care of" indication, and if not then whether we would need to file "doing
business as" paperwork in order to list any model A associated projects in USPS
form 1583.

### Excessive requests for board input

It was briefly discussed that questions or decisions which don't require input
from directors be considered carefully before posing them to all of SPI's
directors, i.e. sending to the board E-mail alias. The directors are already
quite busy with necessary tasks, so liaisons and contractors are encouraged to
exercise agency when possible in order to not add unnecessarily to this
workload.

## Discussions from SPI Membership

Gordian Edenhofer, a contributing member and candidate in the 2026 board
election, gave a brief introduction.

## Other business

* none

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday August 10th, 2026 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
