[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2026 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 8th, 2026

__Board members present__

* Borden Rhodes (borden)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Jeremy Stanley (fungi) (Secretary)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Katie McMillan (mappx)
* Jonatas L Nogueira (jesusalva) (Vice-President)

__Board members partially present__

* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi) (Treasurer)

__Board members absent with regrets__

* Joe Conway (jconway)

__Board members absent__

* none

__Registered guests present__

* Célestin Matte (Perdu), contractor
* Denislav Velinov (Denvel)

These are the minutes for the June 8th, 2026 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2026/2026-06-08.txt).

## President's report
<pre>
I am continuing to assist with the treasury team to ensure timely processing
of payments and reimbursements. We are also working with our accounting firm
to prepare for the auditing of our 2025 financial documents and federal and
New York State filings.
</pre>

## Vice President's report
<pre>
Directors: When inviting for association projects which aren't very well
established, and require some degree of "handholding" from SPI side, please
provide support to the project as to not overload SPI officers and contractors.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

<pre>
The treasury team is continuing to process reimbursements and payments. If
there is an urgent need (i.e. other than NET 30) please let
treasurer@rt.spi-inc.org know
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
Thanks to all directors for their timely responses on the recent face-to-face
scheduling poll. Results indicate mid-November of this year presents the best
chance of assembling the full board for a series of all-day meetings, whether
in person, via videoconference, or some combination of the two.
</pre>

## Vote on Minutes for Previous Meetings

### Vote on Meeting minutes for Monday, 11 May, 2026

[Board meeting, May 11th, 2026](../../2026/2026-05-11/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Abstain</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 6 yes, 1 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on 2026-06-08.js.1: Drizzle as an Associated Project

[2026-06-08.js.1: Drizzle as an Associated Project](../../../agendas/2026/2026-06-08/draft-2026-06-08.js.1/)

<table>
  <tr><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fungi-->
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--schultmc-->
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--fsf-->
  <tr><td>Katie McMillan</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--mappx-->
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--milan-->
  <tr><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--zumbi-->
  <tr><td>Borden Rhodes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--borden-->
  <tr><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Yes</td></tr><!--Jesusalva-->
</table>

Vote passed with 8 yes, 0 abstain, 0 no, 0 absent.

## Other business

* Further planning for the upcoming face-to-face meeting was covered. Hector is
  verifying the possibility of a physical venue, while Jonatas has summarized
  the topic proposals into a rough schedule. Directors should attempt to be
  available for the entire week of meetings, but contractors will only be
  needed on select agenda items. If any director or contractor has additional
  topics to cover, please provide them to the Secretary or add them directly in
  the GitLab issue.

## Adjournment

The meeting was adjourned until Monday July 13th, 2026 at 20:00 UTC
in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jonatas L Nogueira</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Jeremy Stanley</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2023</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Milan Kupcevic</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2024</td><td>Katie McMillan</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2025</td><td>Borden Rhodes</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
